Question1: You manually launch a NAT AMI in a public subnet. The network is properly configured. Security groups and network access control lists are property configured. Instances in a private subnet can access the NAT. The NAT can access the Internet. However, private instances cannot access the Internet. What additional step is required to allow access from the private instances?
 A.  Enable Source/Destination Check on the private Instances.
 B.  Enable Source/Destination Check on the NAT instance.
 C.  Disable Source/Destination Check on the private instances.
 D.  Disable Source/Destination Check on the NAT instance.
answers: D.
Explanation: Disabling Source/Destination Checks. Each EC2 instance performs source/destination checks by default. This means that the instance must be the source or destination of any traffic it sends or receives. However, a NAT instance must be able to send and receive traffic when the source or destination is not itself. Therefore, you must disable source/destination checks on the NAT instance. You can disable the SrcDestCheck attribute for a NAT instance that’s either running or stopped using the console or the command line. http://docs.aws.amazon.com/AmazonVPC/latest/UserGuide/VPC_NAT_Instance.html

Question2: Which of the following approaches provides the lowest cost for Amazon Elastic Block Store snapshots while giving you the ability to fully restore data?A. Maintain two snapshots: the original snapshot and the latest incremental snapshot.
 B.  Maintain a volume snapshot; subsequent snapshots will overwrite one another.
 C.  Maintain a single snapshot the latest snapshot is both Incremental and complete. D.  Maintain the most current snapshot, archive the original and incremental to Amazon Glacier.
answers: C.
Explanation: http://docs.aws.amazon.com/AWSEC2/latest/UserGuide/ebs-deleting-snapshot.html

Question3: An existing application stores sensitive information on a non-boot Amazon EBS data volume attached to an Amazon Elastic Compute Cloud instance. Which of the following approaches would protect the sensitive data on an Amazon EBS volume?
 A.  Upload your customer keys to AWS CloudHSM. Associate the Amazon EBS volume with AWS CloudHSM.  Re- mount the Amazon EBS volume.
 B.  Create and mount a new, encrypted Amazon EBS volume. Move the data to the new volume. Delete the old  Amazon EBS volume. 
 C.  Unmount the EBS volume. Toggle the encryption attribute to True. Re-mount the Amazon EBS volume.
 D.  Snapshot the current Amazon EBS volume. Restore the snapshot to a new, encrypted Amazon EBS  volume. Mount the Amazon EBS volume.
answers: B.
Explanation: http://docs.aws.amazon.com/AWSEC2/latest/UserGuide/EBSEncryption.html To migrate data between encrypted and unencrypted volumes: 1. Create your destination volume (encrypted or unencrypted, depending on your need) by following the procedures in Creating an Amazon EBS Volume. 2. Attach the destination volume to the instance that hosts the data to migrate. For more information, see Attaching an Amazon EBS Volume to an Instance. procedures in Making an Amazon EBS Volume Available for Using. For Linux instances, you can create a mount point at /mnt/destination and mount the destination volume there. 4. Copy the data from your source directory to the destination volume. It may be most convenient to use a bulkcopy utility for this.

Question4: A US-based company is expanding their web presence into Europe. The company wants to extend their AWS infrastructure from Northern Virginia (us-east-1) into the Dublin (eu-west-1) region. Which of the following options would enable an equivalent experience for users on both continents?
 A.  Use a public-facing load balancer per region to load-balance web traffic, and enable HTTP health checks.
 B.  Use a public-facing load balancer per region to load-balance web traffic, and enable sticky sessions.
 C.  Use Amazon Route 53, and apply a geolocation routing policy to distribute traffic across both regions. 
 D.  Use Amazon Route 53, and apply a weighted routing policy to distribute traffic across both regions.
answers: C.
Explanation: Geolocation routing lets you choose the resources that serve your traffic based on the geographic location of your users, meaning the location from which DNS queries originate. For example, you might want all queries from Africa to be routed to a web server with an IP address of 192.0.2.111. Another possible use is for balancing load across endpoints in a predictable, easy-to-manage way, so that each user location is consistently routed to the same endpoint. http://docs.aws.amazon.com/Route53/latest/DeveloperGuide/routing-policy.html#routing-policy-weighted

Question5: Which of the following are use cases for Amazon DynamoDB? Choose 3 answers.
 A.  Storing BLOB data.
 B.  Managing web sessions. 
 C.  Storing JSON documents. 
 D.  Storing metadata for Amazon S3 objects. 
 E.  Running relational joins and complex updates.
 F.  Storing large amounts of infrequently accessed data.
answers: B. 
 C. 
 D.
Explanation: Ideal Usage Patterns. Amazon DynamoDB is ideal for existing or new applications that need a flexible NoSQL database with low read and write latencies, and the ability to scale storage and throughput up or down as needed without code changes or downtime. Use cases require a highly available and scalable database because downtime or performance degradation has an immediate negative impact on an organization’s business. for e.g. mobile apps, gaming, digital ad serving, live voting and audience interaction for live events, sensor networks, log ingestion, access control for web-based content, metadata storage for Amazon S3 objects, e-commerce shopping carts, and web session management.

Question6: A customer implemented AWS Storage Gateway with a gateway-cached volume at their main office. An event takes the link between the main and branch office offline. Which methods will enable the branch office to access their data? Choose 3 answers.
 A.  Use a HTTPS GET to the Amazon S3 bucket where the files are located.
 B.  Restore by implementing a lifecycle policy on the Amazon S3 bucket.
 C.  Make an Amazon Glacier Restore API call to load the files into another Amazon S3 bucket within four to six  hours.
 D.  Launch a new AWS Storage Gateway instance AMI in Amazon EC2, and restore from a gateway snapshot. 
 E.  Create an Amazon EBS volume from a gateway snapshot, and mount it to an Amazon EC2 instance. 
 F.  Launch an AWS Storage Gateway virtual iSCSI device at the branch office, and restore from a gateway  snapshot.
answers: D. 
 E. 
 F.
Explanation: A is certainly not right, because files persisted by Storage Gateway to S3 are not visible, let alone be accessible. https://forums.aws.amazon.com/thread.jspa?threadID=109748 B is invalid option because you cannot apply Lifecycle Policies because AWS Storage Gateway does not give you that option. Cached Volumes are never stored to Glacier and hence “C” is not a valid. Todas alternativa sem S3.

Question7: A company has configured and peered two VPCs: VPC-1 and VPC-2. VPC-1 contains only private subnets, and VPC-2 contains only public subnets. The company uses a single AWS Direct Connect connection and private virtual interface to connect their on-premises network with VPC-1. Which two methods increases the fault tolerance of the connection to VPC-1? Choose 2 answers
 A.  Establish a hardware VPN over the internet between VPC-2 ana the on-premises network.
 B.  Establish a hardware VPN over the internet between VPC-1 and the on-premises network. 
 C.  Establish a new AWS Direct Connect connection and private virtual interface in the same region as VPC-2.
 D.  Establish a new AWS Direct Connect connection and private virtual interface in a different AWS region than  VPC-1.
 E.  Establish a new AWS Direct Connect connection and private virtual interface in the same AWS region as  VPC-1.
answers: B. 
 E.


Question8: What is the minimum time Interval for the data that Amazon CloudWatch receives and aggregates?
 A.  One second
 B.  Five seconds
 C.  One minute 
 D.  Three minutes
 E.  Five minutes
answers: C.
Explanation: Many metrics are received and aggregated at 1-minute intervals. Some are at 3-minute or 5-minute intervals.

Question9: Which of the following statements are true about Amazon Route 53 resource records? Choose 2 answers.
 A.  An Alias record can map one DNS name to another Amazon Route 53 DNS name.
 B.  A CNAME record can be created for your zone apex.
 C.  An Amazon Route 53 CNAME record can point to any DNS record hosted anywhere. 
 D.  TTL can be set for an Alias record in Amazon Route 53.
 E.  An Amazon Route 53 Alias record can point to any DNS record hosted anywhere.
answers: A. C.
Explanation: http://docs.aws.amazon.com/Route53/latest/DeveloperGuide/resource-record-sets-choosing-alias-nonalias.html

Question10: A 3-tier e-commerce web application is current deployed on-premises and will be migrated to AWS for greater scalability and elasticity The web server currently shares read-only data using a network distributed file system The app server tier uses a clustering mechanism for discovery and shared session state that depends on IP multicast The database tier uses shared-storage clustering to provide database fall over capability, and uses several read slaves for scaling Data on all servers and the distributed file system directory is backed up weekly to off-site tapes. Which AWS storage and database architecture meets the requirements of the application?
 A.  Web servers store read-only data in S3, and copy from S3 to root volume at boot time. App servers share  state using a combination of DynamoDB and IP unicast. Database use RDS with multi-AZ deployment and  one or more Read Replicas. Backup web and app servers backed up weekly via AMIs, database backed up  via DB snapshots.
 B.  Web servers store -read-only data in S3, and copy from S3 to root volume at boot time App servers share  state using a combination of DynamoDB and IP unicast Database, use RDS with multi-AZ deployment and  one or more read replicas Backup web servers app servers, and database backed up weekly to Glacier  using snapshots.
 C.  Web servers store read-only data In S3 and copy from S3 to root volume at boot time App servers share  state using a combination of DynamoDB and IP unicast Database use RDS with multi-AZ deployment  Backup web and app servers backed up weekly via AM is. Database backed up via DB snapshots.
 D.  Web servers, store read-only data in an EC2 NFS server, mount to each web server at boot time App  servers share state using a combination of DynamoDB and IP multicast Database use RDS with multi-AZ  deployment and one or more Read Replicas Backup web and app servers backed up weekly via AMIs  database backed up via DB snapshots
answers: A.
Explanation: https://d0.awsstatic.com/whitepapers/Storage/AWS%20Storage%20Services%20Whitepaper-v9.pdf Amazon Glacier doesn’t suit all storage situations. Listed following are a few storage needs for which you should consider other AWS storage options instead of Amazon Glacier.Data that must be updated very frequently might be better served by a storage solution with lower read/write latencies, such as Amazon EBS, Amazon RDS, Amazon DynamoDB, or relational databases running on EC2.

Question11: Your customer wishes to deploy an enterprise application to AWS which will consist of several web servers, several application servers and a small (50GB) Oracle database information is stored, both in the database and the file systems of the various servers. The backup system must support database recovery whole server and whole disk restores, and individual file restores with a recovery time of no more than two hours. They havechosen to use RDS Oracle as the database Which backup architecture will meet these requirements?
 A.  Backup RDS using automated daily DB backups Backup the EC2 instances using AMIs and supplement  with file- level backup to S3 using traditional enterprise backup software to provide file level restore.
 B.  Backup RDS using a Multi-AZ Deployment Backup the EC2 instances using Amis, and supplement by  copying file system data to S3 to provide file level restore.
 C.  Backup RDS using automated daily DB backups Backup the EC2 instances using EBS snapshots and  supplement with file-level backups to Amazon Glacier using traditional enterprise backup software to  provide file level restore.
 D.  Backup RDS database to S3 using Oracle RMAN Backup the EC2 instances using Amis, and supplement  with EBS snapshots for individual volume restore.
answers: A.
Explanation: You need to use enterprise backup software to provide file level restore. See: https://d0.awsstatic.com/whitepapers/Backup_and_Recovery_Approaches_Using_AWS.pdf Page 18: If your existing backup software does not natively support the AWS cloud, you can use AWS storage gateway products. AWS Storage Gateway is a virtual appliance that provides seamless and secure integration between your data center and the AWS storage infrastructure.

Question12: Your company has HQ in Tokyo and branch offices all over the world and is using a logistics software with a multi-regional deployment on AWS in Japan, Europe and USA. The logistic software has a 3-tier architecture and currently uses MySQL 5.6 for data persistence. Each region has deployed its own database. In the HQ region you run an hourly batch process reading data from every region to compute cross-regional reports that are sent by email to all offices this batch process must be completed as fast as possible to quickly optimize logistics how do you build the database architecture in order to meet the requirements?
 A.  For each regional deployment, use RDS MySQL with a master in the region and a read replica in the HQ  region.
 B.  For each regional deployment, use MySQL on EC2 with a master in the region and send hourly EBS  snapshots to the HQ region.
 C.  For each regional deployment, use RDS MySQL with a master in the region and send hourly RDS  snapshots to the HQ region.
 D.  For each regional deployment, use MySQL on EC2 with a master in the region and use S3 to copy data files  hourly to the HQ region.
 E.  Use Direct Connect to connect all regional MySQL deployments to the HQ region and reduce network  latency for the batch process.
answers: A.


Question13: A customer has a 10 GB AWS Direct Connect connection to an AWS region where they have a web application hosted on Amazon Elastic Computer Cloud (EC2). The application has dependencies on an on-premises mainframe database that uses a BASE (Basic Available. Sort stale Eventual consistency) rather than an ACID (Atomicity. Consistency isolation. Durability) consistency model. The application is exhibiting undesirable behavior because the database is not able to handle the volume of writes. How can you reduce the load on your on-premises database resources in the most cost- effective way?
 A.  Use an Amazon Elastic Map Reduce (EMR) S3DistCp as a synchronization mechanism between the onpremises database and a Hadoop cluster on AWS.
 B.  Modify the application to write to an Amazon SQS queue and develop a worker process to flush the queue  to the on-premises database. 
 C.  Modify the application to use DynamoDB to feed an EMR cluster which uses a map function to write to the  on- premises database.
 D.  Provision an RDS read-replica database on AWS to handle the writes and synchronize the two databases  using Data Pipeline.
answers: B.
Explanation: https://aws.amazon.com/sqs/faqs/

Question14: Company B is launching a new game app for mobile devices. Users will log into the game using their existing social media account to streamline data capture. Company B would like to directly save player data and scoring information from the mobile app to a DynamoDS table named Score Data When a user saves their game the progress data will be stored to the Game state S3 bucket. What is the best approach for storing data to DynamoDB and S3?
 A.  Use an EC2 Instance that is launched with an EC2 role providing access to the Score Data DynamoDB  table and the GameState S3 bucket that communicates with the mobile app via web services.
 B.  Use temporary security credentials that assume a role providing access to the Score Data DynamoDB table  and the Game State S3 bucket using web identity federation. 
 C.  Use Login with Amazon allowing users to sign in with an Amazon account providing the mobile app with  access to the Score Data DynamoDB table and the Game State S3 bucket.
 D.  Use an IAM user with access credentials assigned a role providing access to the Score Data DynamoDB  table and the Game State S3 bucket for distribution with the mobile app.
answers: B.
Explanation: The requirements state “Users will log into the game using their existing social media account to streamline data capture.” This is what Cognito is used for, i.e. Web Identity Federation. Amazon also recommend to “build your app so that it requests temporary AWS security credentials dynamically when needed using web identity federation.”

Question15: Your company plans to host a large donation website on Amazon Web Services (AWS). You anticipate a large and undetermined amount of traffic that will create many database writes. To be certain that you do not drop any writes to a database hosted on AWS. Which service should you use?
 A.  Amazon RDS with provisioned IOPS up to the anticipated peak write throughput.
 B.  Amazon Simple Queue Service (SQS) for capturing the writes and draining the queue to write to the  database. 
 C.  Amazon ElastiCache to store the writes until the writes are committed to the database.
 D.  Amazon DynamoDB with provisioned write throughput up to the anticipated peak write throughput.
answers: B.
Explanation: https://aws.amazon.com/sqs/faqs/ There is no limit on the number of messages that can be pushed onto SQS. The retention period of the SQS is 4 days by default and it can be changed to 14 days. This will make sure that no writes are missed.

Question16: You have launched an EC2 instance with four (4) 500 GB EBS Provisioned IOPS volumes attached. The EC2 Instance is EBS-Optimized and supports 500 Mbps throughput between EC2 and EBS. The two EBS volumes are configured as a single RAID 0 device, and each Provisioned IOPS volume is provisioned with 4,000 IOPS (4000 16KB reads or writes) for a total of 16,000 random IOPS on the instance. The EC2 Instance initially delivers the expected 16,000 IOPS random read and write performance. Sometime later in order to increase the total random I/O performance of the instance, you add an additional two 500 GB EBS Provisioned IOPS volumes to the RAID. Each volume is provisioned to 4,000 IOPS like the original four for a total of 24,000 IOPS on the EC2 instance Monitoring shows that the EC2 instance CPU utilization increased from 50% to 70%, but the total random IOPS measured at the instance level does not increase at all. What is the problem and a valid solution?
 A.  Larger storage volumes support higher Provisioned IOPS rates: increase the provisioned volume storage of  each of the 6 EBS volumes to 1TB.
 B.  The EBS-Optimized throughput limits the total IOPS that can be utilized use an EBS-Optimized instance  that provides larger throughput.
 C.  Small block sizes cause performance degradation, limiting the I’O throughput, configure the instance device  driver and file system to use 64KB blocks to increase throughput.
 D.  RAID 0 only scales linearly to about 4 devices, use RAID 0 with 4 EBS Provisioned IOPS volumes but  increase each Provisioned IOPS EBS volume to 6.000 IOPS.E. The standard EBS instance root volume limits the total IOPS rate, change the instant root volume to also be  a 500GB 4.000 Provisioned IOPS volume.
answers: 


Question17: You have recently joined a startup company building sensors to measure street noise and air quality in urban areas. The company has been running a pilot deployment of around 100 sensors for 3 months each sensor uploads 1KB of sensor data every minute to a backend hosted on AWS. During the pilot, you measured a peak or 10 IOPS on the database, and you stored an average of 3GB of sensor data per month in the database. The current deployment consists of a load- balanced auto scaled Ingestion layer using EC2 instances and a PostgreSQL RDS database with 500GB standard storage. The pilot is considered a success and your CEO has managed to get the attention or some potential investors. The business plan requires a deployment of at least 100K sensors which needs to be supported by the backend. You also need to store sensor data for at least two years to be able to compare year over year Improvements. To secure funding, you have to make sure that the platform meets these requirements and leaves room for further scaling. Which setup win meet the requirements?
 A.  Add an SOS queue to the ingestion layer to buffer writes to the RDS instance
 B.  Ingest data into a DynamoDB table and move old data to a Redshift cluster 
 C.  Replace the RDS instance with a 6 node Redshift cluster with 96TB of storage
 D.  Keep the current architecture but upgrade RDS storage to 3TB and 10K provisioned IOPS
answers: B.
Explanation: The POC solution is being scaled up by 1000, which means it will require 72TB of Storage to retain 24 months’ worth of data. This rules out RDS as a possible DB solution which leaves you with RedShift. I believe DynamoDB is a more cost effective and scales better for ingest rather than using EC2 in an auto scaling group. Also, this example solution from AWS is somewhat similar for reference. http://media.amazonwebservices.com/architecturecenter/AWS_ac_ra_timeseriesprocessing_16.pdf

Question18: Your company is in the process of developing a next generation pet collar that collects biometric information to assist families with promoting healthy lifestyles for their pets Each collar will push 30kb of biometric data In JSON format every 2 seconds to a collection platform that will process and analyze the data providing health trending information back to the pet owners and veterinarians via a web portal Management has tasked you to architect the collection platform ensuring the following requirements are met. Provide the ability for real-time analytics of the inbound biometric data Ensure processing of the biometric data is highly durable. Elastic and parallel The results of the analytic processing should be persisted for data mining Which architecture outlined below win meet the initial requirements for the collection platform?
 A.  Utilize S3 to collect the inbound sensor data analyze the data from S3 with a daily scheduled Data Pipeline  and save the results to a Redshift Cluster.
 B.  Utilize Amazon Kinesis to collect the inbound sensor data, analyze the data with Kinesis clients and save  the results to a Redshift cluster using EMR. 
 C.  Utilize SQS to collect the inbound sensor data analyze the data from SQS with Amazon Kinesis and save  the results to a Microsoft SQL Server RDS instance.
 D.  Utilize EMR to collect the inbound sensor data, analyze the data from EUR with Amazon Kinesis and save  me results to DynamoDB.
answers: B.


Question19: You need a persistent and durable storage to trace call activity of an IVR (Interactive Voice Response) system. Call duration is mostly in the 2-3 minutes timeframe. Each traced call can be either active or terminated. An external application needs to know each minute the list of currently active calls, which are usually a few calls/ second. Put once per month there is a periodic peak up to 1000 calls/second for a few hours. The system is open 24/7 and any downtime should be avoided. Historical data is periodically archived to files. Cost saving is a priority for this project. What database implementation would better fit this scenario, keeping costs as low as possible?
 A.  Use RDS Multi-AZ with two tables, one for -Active calls” and one for -Terminated calls”. In this way the  “Active calls_table is always small and effective to access.
 B.  Use DynamoDB with a “Calls” table and a Global Secondary Index on a “IsActive'” attribute that is present  for active calls only In this way the Global Secondary index is sparse and more effective. 
 C.  Use DynamoDB with a ‘Calls” table and a Global secondary index on a ‘State” attribute that can equal to  “active” or “terminated” in this way the Global Secondary index can be used for all Items in the table.
 D.  Use RDS Multi-AZ with a “CALLS” table and an Indexed “STATE* field that can be equal to ‘ACTIVE” or –  TERMINATED” In this way the SOL query Is optimized by the use of the Index.
answers: B.
Explanation: https://aws.amazon.com/dynamodb/faqs/ Q: Can a global secondary index key be defined on non-unique attributes? Yes. Unlike the primary key on a table, a GSI index does not require the indexed attributes to be unique. Q: Are GSI key attributes required in all items of a DynamoDB table? No. GSIs are sparse indexes. Unlike the requirement of having a primary key, an item in a DynamoDB table does not have to contain any of the GSI keys. If a GSI key has both hash and range elements, and a table item omits either of them, then that item will not be indexed by the corresponding GSI. In such cases, a GSI can be very useful in efficiently locating items that have an uncommon attribute.

Question20: A web design company currently runs several FTP servers that their 250 customers use to upload and download large graphic files They wish to move this system to AWS to make it more scalable, but they wish to maintain customer privacy and Keep costs to a minimum. What AWS architecture would you recommend?
 A.  ASK their customers to use an S3 client instead of an FTP client. Create a single S3 bucket Create an IAM  user for each customer Put the IAM Users in a Group that has an IAM policy that permits access to subdirectories within the bucket via use of the ‘username’ Policy variable.
 B.  Create a single S3 bucket with Reduced Redundancy Storage turned on and ask their customers to use an  S3 client instead of an FTP client Create a bucket for each customer with a Bucket Policy that permits  access only to that one customer.
 C.  Create an auto-scaling group of FTP servers with a scaling policy to automatically scale-in when minimum  network traffic on the auto-scaling group is below a given threshold. Load a central list of ftp users from S3  as part of the user Data startup script on each Instance. 
 D.  Create a single S3 bucket with Requester Pays turned on and ask their customers to use an S3 client  instead of an FTP client Create a bucket tor each customer with a Bucket Policy that permits access only to  that one customer.
answers: C.
Explanation: In question we have keywords `scalable’ and company wants to `move systems’ to aws, which is best suited for Auto- scaling group.

Question21: You would like to create a mirror image of your production environment in another region for disaster recovery purposes. Which of the following AWS resources do not need to be recreated in the second region? Choose 2 answers.
 A.  Route 53 Record Sets
 B.  IAM Roles 
 C.  Elastic IP Addresses (EIP)
 D.  EC2 Key Pairs
 E.  Launch configurations
 F.  Security Groups
answers: A. B.
Explanation: The Route 53 and IAM are global. As per the document defined, new IPs should be reserved not the same ones. Elastic IP Addresses are static IP addresses designed for dynamic cloud computing. Unlike traditional static IP addresses, however, Elastic IP addresses enable you to mask instance or Availability Zone failures by programmatically remapping your public IP addresses to instances in your account in a particular region. For DR, you can also pre-allocate some IP addresses for the most critical systems so that their IP addresses are already known before disaster strikes. This can simplify the execution of the DR plan.

Question22: Your company runs a customer facing event registration site This site is built with a 3-tier architecture with web and application tier servers and a MySQL database The application requires 6 web tier servers and 6 application tier servers for normal operation, but can run on a minimum of 65% server capacity and a single MySQL database. When deploying this application in a region with three availability zones (AZs) which architecture provides high availability?
 A.  A web tier deployed across 2 AZs with 3 EC2 (Elastic Compute Cloud) instances in each AZ inside an Auto  Scaling Group behind an ELB (elastic load balancer), and an application tier deployed across 2 AZs with 3  EC2 instances in each AZ inside an Auto Scaling Group behind an ELB. and one RDS (Relational Database  Service) instance deployed with read replicas in the other AZ.
 B.  A web tier deployed across 3 AZs with 2 EC2 (Elastic Compute Cloud) instances in each A2 inside an Auto  Scaling Group behind an ELB (elastic load balancer) and an application tier deployed across 3 AZs with 2  EC2 instances in each AZ inside an Auto Scaling Group behind an ELB and one RDS (Relational Database  Service) Instance deployed with read replicas in the two other AZs.
 C.  d A web tier deployed across 2 AZs with 3 EC2 (Elastic Compute Cloud) instances in each AZ inside an  Auto Scaling Group behind an ELB (elastic load balancer) and an application tier deployed across 2 AZs  with 3 EC2 instances m each AZ inside an Auto Scaling Group behind an ELS and a Multi-AZ RDS  (Relational Database Service) deployment.
 D.  A web tier deployed across 3 AZs with 2 EC2 (Elastic Compute Cloud) instances in each AZ Inside an Auto  Scaling Group behind an ELB (elastic load balancer). And an application tier deployed across 3 AZs with 2  EC2 instances In each AZ inside an Auto Scaling Group behind an ELB. And a Multi-AZ RDS (Relational  Database services) deployment.
answers: D.
Explanation: http://highscalability.com/blog/2016/1/11/a-beginners-guide-to-scaling-to-11-million-users-on-amazons.html https://www.airpair.com/aws/posts/building-a-scalable-web-app-on-amazon-web-services-p1

Question23: Your application is using an ELB in front of an Auto Scaling group of web/application servers deployed across two AZs and a Multi-AZ RDS Instance for data persistence. The database CPU is often above 80% usage and 90% of I/O operations on the database are reads. To improve performance you recently added a single-node Memcached ElastiCache Cluster to cache frequent DB query results. In the next weeks the overall workload is expected to grow by 30%. Do you need to change anything in the architecture to maintain the high availability or the application with the anticipated additional load’* Why?
 A.  Yes. you should deploy two Memcached ElastiCache Clusters in different AZs because the ROS Instance  will not Be able to handle the load It me cache node fails.
 B.  No. if the cache node fails the automated ElastiCache node recovery feature will prevent any availability  impact. 
 C.  Yes you should deploy the Memcached ElastiCache Cluster with two nodes in the same AZ as the RDS DB  master instance to handle the load if one cache node fails.
 D.  No if the cache node fails you can always get the same data from the DB without having any availability  impact.
answers: B.
Explanation: Answer A is mentioning 2 clusters not 1 cluster (with 2 nodes). If a node fails due to a hardware fault in an underlying physical server, ElastiCache will provision a new node on a different server.

Question24: You are responsible for a legacy web application whose server environment is approaching end of life You would like to migrate this application to AWS as quickly as possible, since the application environment currently has the following limitations: – The VM’s single 10GB VMDK is almost full. – Me virtual network interface still uses the 10Mbps driver, which leaves your 100Mbps WAN connection completely underutilized. – It is currently running on a highly customized. Windows VM within a VMware environment. – You do not have me installation media. This is a mission critical application with an RTO (Recovery Time Objective) of 8 hours. RPO (Recovery Point Objective) of 1 hour. How could you best migrate this application to AWS while meeting your business continuity requirements?
 A.  Use the EC2 VM Import Connector for vCenter to import the VM into EC2.
 B.  Use Import/Export to import the VM as an ESS snapshot and attach to EC2.
 C.  Use S3 to create a backup of the VM and restore the data into EC2.
 D.  Use me ec2-bundle-instance API to Import an Image of the VM into EC2
answers: A.
Explanation: https://aws.amazon.com/developertools/2759763385083070

Question25: An International company has deployed a multi-tier web application that relies on DynamoDB in a single region For regulatory reasons they need disaster recovery capability In a separate region with a Recovery Time Objective of 2 hours and a Recovery Point Objective of 24 hours They should synchronize their data on a regular basis and be able to provision me web application rapidly using CloudFormation. The objective is to minimize changes to the existing web application, control the throughput of DynamoDB used for the synchronization of data and synchronize only the modified elements. Which design would you choose to meet these requirements?
 A.  Use AWS data Pipeline to schedule a DynamoDB cross region copy once a day. create a Lastupdated’  attribute in your DynamoDB table that would represent the timestamp of the last update and use it as a filter.
 B.  Use EMR and write a custom script to retrieve data from DynamoDB in the current region using a SCAN  operation and push it to QynamoDB in the second region.
 C.  Use AWS data Pipeline to schedule an export of the DynamoDB table to S3 in the current region once a day  then schedule another task immediately after it that will import data from S3 to DynamoDB in the other  region. 
 D.  Send also each Ante into an SQS queue in me second region; use an auto-scaiing group behind the SQS  queue to replay the write in the second region.
answers: C.
Explanation: Export of dynamo DB is incremental and it will amend the backup with latest changes.

Question26: Refer to the architecture diagram above of a batch processing solution using Simple Queue Service (SOS) to set up a message queue between EC2 instances which are used as batch processors Cloud Watch monitors the number of Job requests (queued messages) and an Auto Scaling group adds or deletes batch servers automatically based on parameters set in Cloud Watch alarms. You can use this architecture to implement which of the following features in a cost effective and efficient manner?
 
 A.  Reduce the overall lime for executing jobs through parallel processing by allowing a busy EC2 instance that  receives a message to pass it to the next instance in a daisy-chain setup. B.  Implement fault tolerance against EC2 instance failure since messages would remain in SQS and worn can  continue with recovery of EC2 instances implement fault tolerance against SQS failure by backing up  messages to S3.
 C.  Implement message passing between EC2 instances within a batch by exchanging messages through  SOS.
 D.  Coordinate number of EC2 instances with number of job requests automatically thus Improving cost  effectiveness.E. Handle high priority jobs before lower priority jobs by assigning a priority metadata field to SQS messages.
answers: D.
Explanation: https://docs.aws.amazon.com/AutoScaling/latest/DeveloperGuide/as-using-sqs-queue.html

Question27: Your company currently has a 2-tier web application running in an on-premises data center. You have experienced several infrastructure failures in the past two months resulting in significant financial losses. Your CIO is strongly agreeing to move the application to AWS. While working on achieving buy-in from the other company executives, he asks you to develop a disaster recovery plan to help improve Business continuity in the short term. He specifies a target Recovery Time Objective (RTO) of 4 hours and a Recovery Point Objective (RPO) of 1 hour or less. He also asks you to implement the solution within 2 weeks. Your database is 200GB in size and you have a 20Mbps Internet connection. How would you do this while minimizing costs?
 A.  Create an EBS backed private AMI which includes a fresh install or your application. Setup a script in your  data center to backup the local database every 1 hour and to encrypt and copy the resulting file to an S3  bucket using multi-part upload.
 B.  Install your application on a compute-optimized EC2 instance capable of supporting the application’s  average load synchronously replicate transactions from your on-premises database to a database instancein AWS across a secure Direct Connect connection.
 C.  Deploy your application on EC2 instances within an Auto Scaling group across multiple availability zones  asynchronously replicate transactions from your on-premises database to a database instance in AWS  across a secure VPN connection.
 D.  Create an EBS backed private AMI that includes a fresh install of your application. Develop a Cloud  Formation template which includes your AMI and the required EC2. Auto-Scaling and ELB resources to  support deploying the application across Multiple Availability Zones. Asynchronously replicate transactions  from your on-premises database to a database instance in AWS across a secure VPN connection.
answers: D.
Explanation:

Question28: An ERP application is deployed across multiple AZs in a single region. In the event of failure, the Recovery Time Objective (RTO) must be less than 3 hours, and the Recovery Point Objective (RPO) must be 15 minutes the customer realizes that data corruption occurred roughly 1.5 hours ago. What DR strategy could be used to achieve this RTO and RPO in the event of this kind of failure?
 A.  Take hourly DB backups to S3, with transaction logs stored in S3 every 5 minutes.
 B.  Use synchronous database master-slave replication between two availability zones.
 C.  Take hourly DB backups to EC2 Instance store volumes with transaction logs stored In S3 every 5 minutes.
 D.  Take 15 minute DB backups stored In Glacier with transaction logs stored in S3 every 5 minutes.
answers: A.


Question29: Your startup wants to implement an order fulfillment process for selling a personalized gadget that needs an average of 3-4 days to produce with some orders taking up to 6 months you expect 10 orders per day on yourfirst day. 1000 orders per day after 6 months and 10,000 orders after 12 months. Orders coming in are checked for consistency men dispatched to your manufacturing plant for production quality control packaging shipment and payment processing If the product does not meet the quality standards at any stage of the process employees may force the process to repeat a step Customers are notified via email about order status and any critical issues with their orders such as payment failure. Your case architecture includes AWS Elastic Beanstalk for your website with an RDS MySQL instance for customer data and orders. How can you implement the order fulfillment process while making sure that the emails are delivered reliably?
 A.  Add a business process management application to your Elastic Beanstalk app servers and re-use the ROS  database for tracking order status use one of the Elastic Beanstalk instances to send emails to customers.
 B.  Use SWF with an Auto Scaling group of activity workers and a decider instance in another Auto Scaling  group with min/max=1 Use the decider instance to send emails to customers.
 C.  Use SWF with an Auto Scaling group of activity workers and a decider instance in another Auto Scaling  group with min/max=1 use SES to send emails to customers. 
 D.  Use an SQS queue to manage all process tasks Use an Auto Scaling group of EC2 Instances that poll the  tasks and execute them. Use SES to send emails to customers.
answers: C.
Explanation: http://media.amazonwebservices.com/architecturecenter/AWS_ac_ra_ecommerce_checkout_13.pdf

Question30: You have deployed a web application targeting a global audience across multiple AWS Regions under the domain name.example.com. You decide to use Route53 Latency-Based Routing to serve web requests to users from the region closest to the user. To provide business continuity in the event of server downtime you configure weighted record sets associated with two web servers in separate Availability Zones per region. Dunning a DR test you notice that when you disable all web servers in one of the regions Route53 does not automatically direct all users to the other region. What could be happening? Choose 2 answers.
 A.  Latency resource record sets cannot be used in combination with weighted resource record sets.
 B.  You did not setup an http health check tor one or more of the weighted resource record sets associated with  me disabled web servers. 
 C.  The value of the weight associated with the latency alias resource record set in the region with the disabled  servers is higher than the weight for the other region.
 D.  One of the two working web servers in the other region did not pass its HTTP health check.
 E.  You did not set “Evaluate Target Health” to “Yes” on the latency alias resource record set associated with  example com in the region where you disabled the servers.
answers: B. 
 E.
Explanation: http://docs.aws.amazon.com/Route53/latest/DeveloperGuide/dns-failover-complex-configs.html For both latency alias resource record sets, you set the value of “Evaluate Target Health” to Yes. You use the Evaluate Target Health setting for each latency alias resource record set to make Amazon Route 53 evaluate the health of the alias targets–the weighted resource record sets–and respond accordingly.

Question31: Your company hosts a social media site supporting users in multiple countries. You have been asked to provide a highly available design tor the application that leverages multiple regions tor the most recently accessed content and latency sensitive portions of the wet) site The most latency sensitive component of the application involves reading user preferences to support web site personalization and ad selection. In addition to runningyour application in multiple regions, which option will support this application’s requirements?
 A.  Serve user content from S3. CloudFront and use Route53 latency-based routing between ELBs in each  region Retrieve user preferences from a local DynamoDB table in each region and leverage SQS to capture  changes to user preferences with SOS workers for propagating updates to each table.
 B.  Use the S3 Copy API to copy recently accessed content to multiple regions and serve user content from S3.  CloudFront with dynamic content and an ELB in each region Retrieve user preferences from an  ElasticCache cluster in each region and leverage SNS notifications to propagate user preference changes  to a worker node in each region.
 C.  Use the S3 Copy API to copy recently accessed content to multiple regions and serve user content from S3  CloudFront and Route53 latency-based routing Between ELBs In each region Retrieve user preferences  from a DynamoDB table and leverage SQS to capture changes to user preferences with SOS workers for  propagating DynamoDB updates.
 D.  Serve user content from S3. CloudFront with dynamic content, and an ELB in each region Retrieve user  preferences from an ElastiCache cluster in each region and leverage Simple Workflow (SWF) to manage  the propagation of user preferences from a centralized OB to each ElastiCache cluster.
answers: A.
Explanation: http://media.amazonwebservices.com/architecturecenter/AWS_ac_ra_mediasharing_09.pdf http:// media.amazonwebservices.com/architecturecenter/AWS_ac_ra_adserving_06.pdf

Question32: Your system recently experienced down time during the troubleshooting process. You found that a new administrator mistakenly terminated several production EC2 instances. Which of the following strategies will help prevent a similar situation in the future? The administrator still must be able to: – launch, start stop, and terminate development resources. – launch and start production instances.
 A.  Create an IAM user, which is not allowed to terminate instances by leveraging production EC2 termination  protection.
 B.  Leverage resource based tagging along with an IAM user, which can prevent specific users from  terminating production EC2 resources. 
 C.  Leverage EC2 termination protection and multi-factor authentication, which together require users to  authenticate before terminating EC2 instances.
 D.  Create an IAM user and apply an IAM role which prevents users from terminating production EC2 instances.
answers: B.
Explanation: https://aws.amazon.com/blogs/security/resource-level-permissions-for-ec2-controlling-management-access-onspecific-instances/ *August 2016 Update* One way to work around this is to use a combination of an Amazon CloudWatch Events rule and AWS Lambda to tag newly created instances.

Question33: A customer has established an AWS Direct Connect connection to AWS. The link is up and routes are being advertised from the customer’s end, however the customer is unable to connect from EC2 instances inside its VPC to servers residing in its datacenter. Which of the following options provide a viable solution to remedy this situation? Choose 2 answers.
 A.  Add a route to the route table with an iPsec VPN connection as the target.
 B.  Enable route propagation to the virtual private gateway (VGW). 
 C.  Enable route propagation to the customer gateway (CGW).
 D.  Modify the route table of all Instances using the ‘route’ command.
 E.  Modify the Instances VPC subnet route table by adding a route back to the customer’s on-premises  environment.
answers: B. 
 E.
Explanation: https://myawsscribble.wordpress.com/2015/09/25/setting-up-and-configuring-aws-directconnect/

Question34: Your company previously configured a heavily used, dynamically routed VPN connection between your onpremises data center and AWS. You recently provisioned a DirectConnect connection and would like to start using the new connection. After configuring DirectConnect settings in the AWS Console, which of the following options win provide the most seamless transition for your users?
 A.  Delete your existing VPN connection to avoid routing loops configure your DirectConnect router with the  appropriate settings and verity network traffic is leveraging DirectConnect.
 B.  Configure your DireclConnect router with a higher 8GP priority man your VPN router, verify network traffic is  leveraging Directconnect and then delete your existing VPN connection.
 C.  Update your VPC route tables to point to the DirectConnect connection configure your DirectConnect router  with the appropriate settings verify network traffic is leveraging DirectConnect and then delete the VPN  connection. 
 D.  Configure your DireclConnect router, update your VPC route tables to point to the DirectConnect  connection, configure your VPN connection with a higher BGP pointy. And verify network traffic is leveraging  the DirectConnect connection.
answers: C.
Explanation: Direct Connect takes priority over Dynamically configured VPN connections.

Question35: A web company is looking to implement an external payment service into their highly available application deployed in a VPC Their application EC2 instances are behind a public lacing ELB Auto scaling is used to add additional instances as traffic increases under normal load the application runs 2 instances in the Auto Scaling group but at peak it can scale 3x in size. The application instances need to communicate with the payment service over the Internet which requires whitelisting of all public IP addresses used to communicate with it. A maximum of 4 whitelisting IP addresses are allowed at a time and can be added through an API. How should they architect their solution?
 A.  Route payment requests through two NAT instances setup for High Availability and whitelist the Elastic IP  addresses attached to the MAT instances.
 B.  Whitelist the VPC Internet Gateway Public IP and route payment requests through the Internet Gateway.
 C.  Whitelist the ELB IP addresses and route payment requests from the Application servers through the ELB.
 D.  Automatically assign public IP addresses to the application instances in the Auto Scaling group and run a  script on boot that adds each instances public IP address to the payment validation whitelist API.
answers: A.
Explanation: B is incorrect as you do not have insight into the public ip associated with a VPC Internet Gateways. C is incorrect as ELB receives a public DNS name. D would exceed the maximum of 4 whitelisting IP addresses.

Question36: You are designing the network infrastructure for an application server in Amazon VPC Users will access all the application instances from the Internet as well as from an on-premises network The on-premises network is connected to your VPC over an AWS Direct Connect link. How would you design routing to meet the above requirements?
 A.  Configure a single routing Table with a default route via the Internet gateway Propagate a default route via  BGP on the AWS Direct Connect customer router Associate the routing table with all VPC subnets.
 B.  Configure a single routing table with a default route via the internet gateway Propagate specific routes for  the on- premises networks via BGP on the AWS Direct Connect customer router Associate the routing table  with all VPC subnets. 
 C.  Configure a single routing table with two default routes: one to the internet via an Internet gateway the other  to the on-premises network via the VPN gateway use this routing table across all subnets in your VPC.
 D.  Configure two routing tables one that has a default route via the Internet gateway and another that has adefault route via the VPN gateway Associate both routing tables with each VPC subnet.
answers: B.


Question37: You are implementing AWS Direct Connect. You intend to use AWS public service end points such as Amazon S3, across the AWS Direct Connect link. You want other Internet traffic to use your existing link to an Internet Service Provider. What is the correct way to configure AWS Direct connect for access to services such as Amazon S3?
 A.  Configure a public Interface on your AWS Direct Connect link Configure a static route via your AWS Direct  Connect link that points to Amazon S3 Advertise a default route to AWS using BGP.
 B.  Create a private interface on your AWS Direct Connect link. Configure a static route via your AWS Direct  connect link that points to Amazon S3 Configure specific routes to your network in your VPC.
 C.  Create a public interface on your AWS Direct Connect link Redistribute BGP routes into your existing  routing infrastructure advertise specific routes for your network to AWS. 
 D.  Create a private interface on your AWS Direct connect link. Redistribute BGP routes into your existing  routing infrastructure and advertise a default route to AWS.
answers: C.
Explanation: https://aws.amazon.com/directconnect/faqs/

Question38: You have deployed a three-tier web application in a VPC with a CIOR block of 10 0 0 0/28 You initially deploy two web servers, two application servers, two database servers and one NAT instance for a total of seven EC2 instances The web, Application and database servers are deployed across two availability zones (AZs). You also deploy an ELB in front of the two web servers, and use Route53 for DNS Web (raffle gradually increases in the first few days following the deployment, so you attempt to double the number of instances in each tier of the application to handle the new load unfortunately some of these new instances fail to launch. Which of the following could De the root caused? (Choose 2 answers)
 A.  The Internet Gateway (IGW) of your VPC has scaled-up adding more instances to handle the traffic spike,  reducing the number of available private IP addresses for new instance launches.
 B.  AWS reserves one IP address In each subnet’s CIDR block for Route53 so you do not have enough  addresses left to launch all of the new EC2 instances.
 C.  AWS reserves the first and the last private IP address in each subnet’s CIDR block so you do not have  enough addresses left to launch all of the new EC2 instances.
 D.  The ELB has scaled-up. Adding more instances to handle the traffic reducing the number of available  private IP addresses for new instance launches. 
 E.  AWS reserves the first four and the last IP address in each subnet’s CIDR block so you do not have enough  addresses left to launch all of the new EC2 instances.
answers: D. 
 E.
Explanation: http://docs.aws.amazon.com/AmazonVPC/latest/UserGuide/VPC_Subnets.html

Question39: You’ve been brought in as solutions architect to assist an enterprise customer with their migration of an ecommerce platform to Amazon Virtual Private Cloud (VPC). The previous architect has already deployed a 3- tier VPC. The configuration is as follows:
 
 You are now ready to begin deploying EC2 instances into the VPC. Web servers must have direct access to the Internet. Application and database servers cannot have direct access to the Internet. Which configuration below will allow you the ability to remotely administer your application and database servers, as well as allow these servers to retrieve updates from the Internet? A.  Create a bastion and NAT instance in subnet-248bc44c, and add a route from rtb-238bc44b to subnet-  258bc44d. B.  Add a route from rtb-238bc44b to igw-2d8bc445 and add a bastion and NAT instance within subnet-  248bc44c
 C.  Create a bastion and NAT instance in subnet-258bc44d, add a route from rtb-238bc44b to Igw-2d8bc445,  and a new NACL that allows access between subnet-258bc44d and subnet-248bc44c.
 D.  Create a bastion and NAT instance in subnet-258bc44d, and add a route from rtb-238bc44b to the NAT  instance.
answers: D.


Question40: You have a load balancer configured for VPC, and all back-end Amazon EC2 instances are in service. However, your web browser times out when connecting to the load balancer’s DNS name. Which options are probable causes of this behavior? Choose 2 answers.
 A.  The load balancer was not configured to use a public subnet with an Internet gateway configured.
 B.  The Amazon EC2 instances do not have a dynamically allocated private IP address.
 C.  The security groups or network ACLs are not property configured for web traffic. 
 D.  The load balancer is not configured in a private subnet with a NAT instance.
 E.  The VPC does not have a VGW configured.
answers: A. C.
Explanation: There is no such thing as VGW. Hence E is not correct answer.

Question41: You have a content management system running on an Amazon EC2 instance that is approaching 100% CPU utilization. Which option will reduce load on the Amazon EC2 instance?
 A.  Create a load balancer, and register the Amazon EC2 instance with it
 B.  Create a CloudFront distribution, and configure the Amazon EC2 instance as the origin
 C.  Create an Auto Scaling group from the instance using the CreateAutoScalingGroup action 
 D.  Create a launch configuration from the instance using the CreateLaunchConfiguration action
answers: C.
Explanation: You can create an ASG from instance ID http://docs.aws.amazon.com/AutoScaling/latest/APIReference/API_CreateAutoScalingGroup.html

Question42: Which of the following are true regarding AWS CloudTrail? Choose 3 answers.
 A.  CloudTrail is enabled globally.
 B.  CloudTrail is enabled by default.
 C.  CloudTrail is enabled on a per-region basis. 
 D.  CloudTrail is enabled on a per-service basis.
 E.  Logs can be delivered to a single Amazon S3 bucket for aggregation. 
 F.  CloudTrail is enabled for all available services within a region.
 G.  Logs can only be processed and delivered to the region in which they are generated.
answers: A. C. 
 E.
Explanation: A: have a trail with the Apply trail to all regions option enabled. C: have multiple single region trails. E: Log files from all the regions can be delivered to a single S3 bucket. Global service events are always delivered to trails that have the Apply trail to all regions option enabled. Events are delivered from a single region to the bucket for the trail. This setting cannot be changed. If you have a single region trail, you should enable the Include global services option. If you have multiple single region trails, you should enable the Include global services option in only one of the trails. D: Incorrect. Once enabled it is applicable for all the supported services, service can’t be selected.

Question43: You have a distributed application that periodically processes large volumes of data across multiple Amazon EC2 Instances. The application is designed to recover gracefully from Amazon EC2 instance failures. You are required to accomplish this task in the most cost-effective way. Which of the following will meet your requirements?
 A.  Spot Instances
 B.  Reserved instances
 C.  Dedicated instances
 D.  On-Demand instances
answers: A.
Explanation: Using reserved instances is not the most cost-effective way. https://aws.amazon.com/blogs/aws/new-scheduled-reserved-instances/ “Scheduled Reserved Instance model allows you to reserve instances for predefined blocks of time on a recurring basis for a one-year term, with prices that are generally 5 to 10% lower than the equivalent On-Demand rates.” You can get spot instances with much lower prices: https://aws.amazon.com/ec2/spot/pricing/ “Spot instances are also available to run for a predefined duration in hourly increments up to six hours in length at a significant discount (30-45%) compared to On-Demand pricing plus an additional 5% during off-peak times for a total of up to 50% savings.”

Question44: A customer needs corporate IT governance and cost oversight of all AWS resources consumed by its divisions. The divisions want to maintain administrative control of the discrete AWS resources they consume and keep those resources separate from the resources of other divisions. Which of the following options, when used together will support the autonomy/control of divisions while enabling corporate IT to maintain governance and cost oversight? Choose 2 answers.
 A.  Use AWS Consolidated Billing and disable AWS root account access for the child accounts.
 B.  Enable IAM cross-account access for all corporate IT administrators in each child account. 
 C.  Create separate VPCs for each division within the corporate IT AWS account.
 D.  Use AWS Consolidated Billing to link the divisions’ accounts to a parent corporate account. 
 E.  Write all child AWS CloudTrail and Amazon CloudWatch logs to each child account’s Amazon S3 ‘Log’  bucket.
answers: B. 
 D.
Explanation: http://docs.aws.amazon.com/IAM/latest/UserGuide/tutorial_cross-account-with-roles.html http:// docs.aws.amazon.com/awsaccountbilling/latest/aboutv2/consolidated-billing.html

Question45: You are tasked with setting up a Linux bastion host for access to Amazon EC2 instances running in your VPC. Only clients connecting from the corporate external public IP address 72.34.51.100 should have SSH access to the host. Which option will meet the customer requirement?
 A.  Security Group Inbound Rule: Protocol -TCP. Port Range -22, Source 72.34.51.100/32
 B.  Security Group Inbound Rule: Protocol -UDP, Port Range -22, Source 72.34.51.100/32
 C.  Network ACL Inbound Rule: Protocol -UDP, Port Range -22, Source 72.34.51.100/32
 D.  Network ACL Inbound Rule: Protocol -TCP, Port Range-22, Source 72.34.51.100/0
answers: A.


Question46: Which of the following requires a custom CloudWatch metric to monitor?
 A.  Memory Utilization of an EC2 instance
 B.  CPU Utilization of an EC2 instance
 C.  Disk usage activity of an EC2 instance
 D.  Data transfer of an EC2 instance
answers: A.
Explanation: CloudWatch relies on the information provided by this hypervisor, which can only see the most hardware-sided part of the instance’s status, including CPU usage (but not load), total memory size (but not memory usage), number of I/O operations on the hard disks (but not it’s partition layout and space usage) and network traffic (but not the processes generating it).

Question47: Which Amazon Elastic Compute Cloud feature can you query from within the instance to access instance properties?
 A.  Instance user data
 B.  Resource tags
 C.  Instance metadata 
 D.  Amazon Machine Image
answers: C.
Explanation: Although you can only access instance metadata and user data from within the instance itself, the data is not protected by cryptographic methods. http://docs.aws.amazon.com/AWSEC2/latest/UserGuide/ec2-instance-metadata.html#instancedata-dataretrieval

Question48: Which of the following are characteristics of a reserved instance? Choose 3 answers.
 A.  It can be migrated across Availability Zones
 B.  It is specific to an Amazon Machine Image (AMI)
 C.  It can be applied to instances launched by Auto Scaling 
 D.  It is specific to an instance Type
 E.  It can be used to lower Total Cost of Ownership (TCO) of a system
answers: A. C. 
 E.
Explanation: You can use Auto Scaling or other AWS services to launch the On-Demand instances that use your Reserved Instance benefits. For information about launching On-Demand instances, see Launch Your Instance. For information about launching instances using Auto Scaling, see the Auto Scaling User Guide. http:// docs.aws.amazon.com/AWSEC2/latest/UserGuide/concepts-on-demand-reserved-instances.html https:// forums.aws.amazon.com/thread.jspa?threadID=56501

Question49: Which features can be used to restrict access to data in S3? Choose 2 answers.
 A.  Set an S3 ACL on the bucket or the object.
 B.  Create a CloudFront distribution for the bucket.
 C.  Set an S3 bucket policy. 
 D.  Enable IAM Identity Federation.
 E.  Use S3 Virtual Hosting.
answers: A. C.
Explanation: Amazon S3 is secure by default. Only the bucket and object owners originally have access to Amazon S3 resources they create. Amazon S3 supports user authentication to control access to data. You can use access control mechanisms such as bucket policies and Access Control Lists (ACLs) to selectively grant permissions to users and groups of users. You can securely upload/download your data to Amazon S3 via SSL endpoints using the HTTPS protocol. If you need extra security you can use the Server Side Encryption (SSE) option orthe Server Side Encryption with Customer-Provide Keys (SSE-C) option to encrypt data stored-at-rest. Amazon S3 provides the encryption technology for both SSE and SSE-C. Alternatively you can use your own encryption libraries to encrypt data before storing it in Amazon S3. https://aws.amazon.com/s3/faqs/

Question50: You are configuring your company’s application to use Auto Scaling and need to move user state information. Which of the following AWS services provides a shared data store with durability and low latency?
 A.  AWS ElastiCache Memcached
 B.  Amazon Simple Storage Service
 C.  Amazon EC2 instance storage
 D.  Amazon DynamoDB
answers: D.
Explanation: 
 https://media.amazonwebservices.com/AWS_Storage_Options.pdf To speed access to relevant data, many developers pair Amazon S3 with a database, such as Amazon DynamoDB or Amazon RDS. Amazon S3 stores the actual information, and the database serves as the repository for associated metadata (e.g., object name, size, keywords, and so on). Metadata in the database can easily be indexed and queried, making it very efficient to locate an object’s reference via a database query. This result can then be used to pinpoint and then retrieve the object itself from Amazon S3.

Question51: Which of the following are valid statements about Amazon S3? Choose 2 answers.
 A.  S3 provides read-after-write consistency for any type of PUT or DELETE.
 B.  Consistency is not guaranteed for any type of PUT or DELETE.
 C.  A successful response to a PUT request only occurs when a complete object is saved. 
 D.  Partially saved objects are immediately readable with a GET after an overwrite PUT.
 E.  S3 provides eventual consistency for overwrite PUTS and DELETES.
answers: C. 
 E.
Explanation: http://api-portal.anypoint.mulesoft.com/amazon/api/amazon-s3-api/docs/concepts#DataConsistencyModel

Question52: After creating a new IAM user which of the following must be done before they can successfully make API calls?
 A.  Add a password to the user.
 B.  Enable Multi-Factor Authentication for the user.
 C.  Assign a Password Policy to the user.
 D.  Create a set of Access Keys for the user.
answers: D.
Explanation: http://docs.aws.amazon.com/IAM/latest/UserGuide/Using_SettingUpUser.html

Question53: A company needs to deploy virtual desktops to its customers in a virtual private cloud, leveraging existing security controls. Which set of AWS services and features will meet the company’s requirements?
 A.  Virtual Private Network connection. AWS Directory Services, and ClassicLink
 B.  Virtual Private Network connection. AWS Directory Services, and Amazon Workspaces 
 C.  AWS Directory Service, Amazon Workspaces, and AWS Identity and Access Management
 D.  Amazon Elastic Compute Cloud, and AWS Identity and Access Management
answers: B.
Explanation: To enable integration, you need to ensure that your domain is reachable via an Amazon Virtual Private CloudVPC (this could mean that Active Directory domain controllers for your domain are running on Amazon EC2 instances, or that they are reachable via a VPN connection and are located in your on-premises network).

Question54: Which procedure for backing up a relational database on EC2 that is using a set of RAlDed EBS volumes for storage minimizes the time during which the database cannot be written to and results in a consistent backup?
 A.  1. Detach EBS volumes, 2. Start EBS snapshot of volumes, 3. Re-attach EBS volumes
 B.  1. Stop the EC2 Instance. 2. Snapshot the EBS volumes 
 C.  1. Suspend disk I/O, 2. Create an image of the EC2 Instance, 3. Resume disk I/O
 D.  1. Suspend disk I/O, 2. Start EBS snapshot of volumes, 3. Resume disk I/O
 E.  1. Suspend disk I/O, 2. Start EBS snapshot of volumes, 3. Wait for snapshots to complete, 4. Resume disk  I/O
answers: B.
Explanation: https://aws.amazon.com/cn/premiumsupport/knowledge-center/snapshot-ebs-raid-array/ To create an “application-consistent” snapshot of your RAID array, stop applications from writing to the RAID array, and flush all caches to disk. Then ensure that the associated EC2 instance is no longer writing to the RAID array by taking steps such as freezing the file system, unmounting the RAID array, or *shutting down the associated EC2 instance*. After completing the steps to halt all I/O, take a snapshot of each EBS volume. http:// docs.aws.amazon.com/AWSEC2/latest/UserGuide/ebs-detaching-volume.html You can detach an Amazon EBS volume from an instance explicitly or by terminating the instance. However, if the instance is running, you must first unmount the volume from the instance.”

Question55: A company is storing data on Amazon Simple Storage Service (S3). The company’s security policy mandates that data is encrypted at rest. Which of the following methods can achieve this? Choose 3 answers.
 A.  Use Amazon S3 server-side encryption with AWS Key Management Service managed keys.
 B.  Use Amazon S3 server-side encryption with customer-provided keys. 
 C.  Use Amazon S3 server-side encryption with EC2 key pair.
 D.  Use Amazon S3 bucket policies to restrict access to the data at rest.
 E.  Encrypt the data on the client-side before ingesting to Amazon S3 using their own master key. 
 F.  Use SSL to encrypt the data while in transit to Amazon S3.
answers: A. B. 
 E.
Explanation: http://docs.aws.amazon.com/AmazonS3/latest/dev/UsingKMSEncryption.html

Question56: You need to configure an Amazon S3 bucket to serve static assets for your public-facing web application. Which methods ensure that all objects uploaded to the bucket are set to public read? Choose 2 answers.
 A.  Set permissions on the object to public read during upload.
 B.  Configure the bucket ACL to set all objects to public read.
 C.  Configure the bucket policy to set all objects to public read. 
 D.  Use AWS Identity and Access Management roles to set the bucket to public read.
 E.  Amazon S3 objects default to public read, so no action is needed.
answers: A. C.
Explanation: https://aws.amazon.com/articles/5050 You can use ACLs to grant permissions to individual AWS accounts; however, it is strongly recommended that you do not grant public access to your bucket using an ACL. So the recommended approach is create bucket policy, but not ACL. Following link give you an example about how to make the bucket content public. http://docs.aws.amazon.com/AmazonS3/latest/dev/HostingWebsiteOnS3Setup.html#step2-add-bucket-policymake- content-public

Question57: If you want to launch Amazon Elastic Compute Cloud (EC2) instances and assign each instance a predetermined private IP address you should:
 A.  Launch the instance from a private Amazon Machine Image (AMI).
 B.  Assign a group of sequential Elastic IP address to the instances.
 C.  Launch the instances in the Amazon Virtual Private Cloud (VPC). 
 D.  Launch the instances in a Placement Group.
 E.  Use standard EC2 instances since each instance gets a private Domain Name Service (DNS) already.
answers: C.
Explanation: Each instance in a VPC has a default network interface (eth0) that is assigned the primary private IP address.

Question58: A customer needs to capture all client connection information from their load balancer every five minutes. The company wants to use this data for analyzing traffic patterns and troubleshooting their applications. Which of the following options meets the customer requirements?
 A.  Enable AWS CloudTrail for the load balancer.
 B.  Enable access logs on the load balancer. 
 C.  Install the Amazon CloudWatch Logs agent on the load balancer.
 D.  Enable Amazon CloudWatch metrics on the load balancer.
answers: B.
Explanation: Elastic Load Balancing access logs The access logs for Elastic Load Balancing capture detailed information for all requests made to your load balancer and stores them as log files in the Amazon S3 bucket that you specify. Each log contains details such as the time a request was received, the client’s IP address, latencies, request path, and server responses. You can use these access logs to analyze traffic patterns and to troubleshoot your back-end applications. For more information, see Monitor Your Load Balancer Using Elastic Load Balancing Access Logs.

Question59: How can you secure data at rest on an EBS volume?
 A.  Attach the volume to an instance using EC2’s SSL interface.
 B.  Write the data randomly instead of sequentially.
 C.  Encrypt the volume using the S3 server-side encryption service.
 D.  Create an IAM policy that restricts read and write access to the volume.
 E.  Use an encrypted file system on top of the EBS volume.
answers: E.
Explanation: https://aws.amazon.com/blogs/aws/protect-your-data-with-new-ebs-encryption/

Question60: You are working with a customer who has 10 TB of archival data that they want to migrate to Amazon Glacier. The customer has a 1-Mbps connection to the Internet. Which service or feature provides the fastest method of getting the data into Amazon Glacier?
 A.  Amazon Glacier multipart upload
 B.  AWS Storage Gateway
 C.  VM Import/Export
 D.  AWS Import/Export
answers: D.
Explanation: You can only perform an Amazon Glacier import from devices of 4 TB in size or smaller. https:// docs.aws.amazon.com/es_es/AWSImportExport/latest/DG/createGlacierimportjobs.html

Question61: Per the AWS Acceptable Use Policy, penetration testing of EC2 instances:
 A.  May be performed by AWS, and will be performed by AWS upon customer request.
 B.  May be performed by AWS, and is periodically performed by AWS.
 C.  Are expressly prohibited under all circumstances.
 D.  May be performed by the customer on their own instances with prior authorization from AWS. 
 E.  May be performed by the customer on their own instances, only if performed from EC2 instances.
answers: D.
Explanation: http://aws.amazon.com/security/penetration-testing/

Question62: What are characteristics of Amazon S3? Choose 2 answers.
 A.  S3 allows you to store objects of virtually unlimited size.
 B.  S3 offers Provisioned IOPS.
 C.  S3 allows you to store unlimited amounts of data. 
 D.  S3 should be used to host a relational database.
 E.  Objects are directly accessible via a URL.
answers: C. 
 E.
Explanation: http://docs.aws.amazon.com/AmazonCloudFront/latest/DeveloperGuide/private-content-restricting-access-tos3.html

Question63: When creation of an EBS snapshot is initiated, but not completed, the EBS volume:
 A.  Can be used while the snapshot is in progress.
 B.  Cannot be detached or attached to an EC2 instance until the snapshot completes.
 C.  Can be used in read-only mode while the snapshot is in progress.
 D.  Cannot be used until the snapshot completes.
answers: A.
Explanation: Snapshots occur asynchronously; the point-in-time snapshot is created immediately, but the status of the snapshot is pending until the snapshot is complete (when all of the modified blocks have been transferred to Amazon S3), which can take several hours for large initial snapshots or subsequent snapshots where many blocks have changed. http://docs.aws.amazon.com/AWSEC2/latest/UserGuide/ebs-creating-snapshot.html

Question64: A company has a workflow that sends video files from their on-premise system to AWS for transcoding. They use EC2 worker instances that pull transcoding jobs from SQS. Why is SQS an appropriate service for this scenario?
 A.  SQS guarantees the order of the messages.
 B.  SQS synchronously provides transcoding output.
 C.  SQS checks the health of the worker instances.
 D.  SQS helps to facilitate horizontal scaling of encoding tasks.
answers: D.
Explanation: Imho the idea for SQS is to improve scalability. Elastic Beanstalk is checking the health of EC2 instances, not sure if SQS does.

Question65: What is a placement group?
 A.  A collection of Auto Scaling groups in the same region
 B.  A feature that enables EC2 instances to interact with each other via high bandwidth, low latency  connections 
 C.  A collection of authorized CloudFront edge locations for a distribution
 D.  A collection of Elastic Load Balancers in the same Region or Availability Zone
answers: B.
Explanation: A placement group is a logical grouping of instances within a single Availability Zone. Using placement groups enables applications to participate in a low-latency, 10 Gigabits per second (Gbps) network. Placement groups are recommended for applications that benefit from low network latency, high network throughput, or both. http://docs.aws.amazon.com/AWSEC2/latest/UserGuide/placement-groups.html

Question66: A client application requires operating system privileges on a relational database server. What is an appropriate configuration for a highly available database architecture?
 A.  A standalone Amazon EC2 instance
 B.  Amazon RDS in a Multi-AZ configuration
 C.  Amazon EC2 instances in a replication configuration utilizing a single Availability Zone
 D.  Amazon EC2 instances in a replication configuration utilizing two different Availability Zones
answers: D.
Explanation: “A client application requires operating system privileges”. You cant have it using RDS. http://docs.aws.amazon.com/dms/latest/userguide/CHAP_Introduction.ReplicationInstance.html

Question67: A customer wants to leverage Amazon Simple Storage Service (S3) and Amazon Glacier as part of their backup and archive infrastructure. The customer plans to use third-party software to support this integration. Which approach will limit the access of the third party software to only the Amazon S3 bucket named “company-backup”?
 A.  A custom bucket policy limited to the Amazon S3 API in thee Amazon Glacier archive “company-backup”
 B.  A custom bucket policy limited to the Amazon S3 API in “company-backup”
 C.  A custom IAM user policy limited to the Amazon S3 API for the Amazon Glacier archive “company-backup”
 D.  A custom IAM user policy limited to the Amazon S3 API in “company-backup”
answers: D.
Explanation: http://docs.aws.amazon.com/AmazonS3/latest/dev/example-policies-s3.html

Question68: For which of the following use cases are Simple Workflow Service (SWF) and Amazon EC2 an appropriate solution? Choose 2 answers.
 A.  Using as an endpoint to collect thousands of data points per hour from a distributed fleet of sensors
 B.  Managing a multi-step and multi-decision checkout process of an e-commerce website 
 C.  Orchestrating the execution of distributed and auditable business processes 
 D.  Using as an SNS (Simple Notification Service) endpoint to trigger execution of video transcoding jobs
 E.  Using as a distributed session store for your web application
answers: B. 
 C.
Explanation: https://aws.amazon.com/swf/faqs/

Question69: An instance is launched into a VPC subnet with the network ACL configured to allow all inbound traffic and deny all outbound traffic. The instance’s security group is configured to allow SSH from any IP address and deny all outbound traffic. What changes need to be made to allow SSH access to the instance?
 A.  The outbound security group needs to be modified to allow outbound traffic.
 B.  The outbound network ACL needs to be modified to allow outbound traffic. 
 C.  Nothing, it can be accessed from any IP address using SSH.
 D.  Both the outbound security group and outbound network ACL need to be modified to allow outbound traffic.
answers: B.
Explanation: Need to open TCP Port 1024-65535 at Outbound Rules “Allows outbound responses to the remote computer. Network ACLs are stateless, therefore this rule is required to allow response traffic for inbound requests.” http://docs.aws.amazon.com/AmazonVPC/latest/UserGuide/VPC_ACLs.html

Question70: What is one key difference between an Amazon EBS-backed and an instance-store backed instance?
 A.  Amazon EBS-backed instances can be stopped and restarted.
 B.  Instance-store backed instances can be stopped and restarted.
 C.  Auto scaling requires using Amazon EBS-backed instances.
 D.  Virtual Private Cloud requires EBS backed instances.
answers: A.
Explanation: http://docs.aws.amazon.com/AWSEC2/latest/UserGuide/ComponentsAMIs.html#storage-for-the-root-device

Question71: When you put objects in Amazon S3, what is the indication that an object was successfully stored?
 A.  A HTTP 200 result code and MD5 checksum, taken together, indicate that the operation was successful.
 B.  Amazon S3 is engineered for 99.999999999% durability. Therefore there is no need to confirm that data  was inserted.
 C.  A success code is inserted into the S3 object metadata.
 D.  Each S3 account has a special bucket named _s3_logs. Success codes are written to this bucket with a  timestamp and checksum.
answers: A.
Explanation: To ensure that data is not corrupted traversing the network, use the Content-MD5 form field. When you use this form field, Amazon S3 checks the object against the provided MD5 value. If they do not match, Amazon S3 returns an error. The status code returned to the client upon successful upload if success_action_redirect is not specified. Accepts the values 200, 201, or 204 (default). http://docs.aws.amazon.com/AmazonS3/latest/API/RESTObjectPOST.html

Question72: Which of the following items are required to allow an application deployed on an EC2 instance to write data to a DynamoDB table? Assume that no security keys are allowed to be stored on the EC2 instance. Choose 2 answers.
 A.  Create an IAM Role that allows write access to the DynamoDB table.
 B.  Add an IAM Role to a running EC2 instance.
 C.  Create an IAM User that allows write access to the DynamoDB table.
 D.  Add an IAM User to a running EC2 instance.E. Launch an EC2 Instance with the IAM Role included in the launch configuration.
answers: A.
Explanation: http://docs.aws.amazon.com/amazondynamodb/latest/developerguide/TicTacToe.Phase3.html

Question73: When an EC2 EBS-backed (EBS root) instance is stopped, what happens to the data on any ephemeral store volumes?
 A.  Data is automatically saved in an EBS volume.
 B.  Data is unavailable until the instance is restarted.
 C.  Data will be deleted and will no longer be accessible. 
 D.  Data is automatically saved as an EBS snapshot.
answers: C.
Explanation: An “EBS-backed” instance is an EC2 instance which uses an EBS volume as it’s root device. An EBS volume behaves like a raw, unformatted, external block device that you can attach to a single instance and are not physically attached to the Instance host computer (more like a network attached storage). The volume persists independently from the running life of an instance. After an EBS volume is attached to an instance, you can use it like any other physical hard drive. You can also detach an EBS volume from one instance and attach it to another instance. EBS volumes can also be created as encrypted volumes using the Amazon EBS encryption feature.

Question74: You have decided to change the instance type for instances running in your application tier that is using Auto Scaling. In which area below would you change the instance type definition?
 A.  Auto Scaling policy
 B.  Auto Scaling group
 C.  Auto Scaling tags
 D.  Auto Scaling launch configuration
answers: D.


Question75: You have a web application running on six Amazon EC2 instances, consuming about 45% of resources on each instance. You are using auto-scaling to make sure that six instances are running at all times. The number of requests this application processes is consistent and does not experience spikes. The application is critical to your business and you want high availability at all times. You want the load to be distributed evenly between all instances. You also want to use the same Amazon Machine Image (AMI) for all instances. Which of the following architectural choices should you make?
 A.  Deploy 6 EC2 instances in one availability zone and use Amazon Elastic Load Balancer.
 B.  Deploy 3 EC2 instances in one region and 3 in another region and use Amazon Elastic Load Balancer.
 C.  Deploy 3 EC2 instances in one availability zone and 3 in another availability zone and use Amazon Elastic  Load Balancer. 
 D.  Deploy 2 EC2 instances in three regions and use Amazon Elastic Load Balancer.
answers: C.
Explanation: A load balancer accepts incoming traffic from clients and routes requests to its registered EC2 instances in one or more Availability Zones. http://docs.aws.amazon.com/ElasticLoadBalancing/latest/DeveloperGuide/how-elb-works.html Updated Security Whitepaper link: https://d0.awsstatic.com/whitepapers/aws-security-whitepaper.pdf

Question76: In AWS, which security aspects are the customer’s responsibility? Choose 4 answers.
 A.  Security Group and ACL (Access Control List) settings
 B.  Decommissioning storage devices
 C.  Patch management on the EC2 instance’s operating system 
 D.  Life-cycle management of IAM credentials 
 E.  Controlling physical access to compute resources
 F.  Encryption of EBS (Elastic Block Storage) volumes
answers: A. C. 
 D. 
 F.
Explanation: http://media.amazonwebservices.com/AWS_Security_Best_Practices.pdf

Question77: A customer is leveraging Amazon Simple Storage Service in eu-west-1 to store static content for a web-based property. The customer is storing objects using the Standard Storage class. Where are the customers objects replicated?
 A.  A single facility in eu-west-1 and a single facility in eu-central-1
 B.  A single facility in eu-west-1 and a single facility in us-east-1
 C.  Multiple facilities in eu-west-1 
 D.  A single facility in eu-west-1
answers: C.
Explanation: Objects stored in a region never leave the region unless you explicitly transfer them to another region. For example, objects stored in the EU (Ireland) region never leave it. http://docs.aws.amazon.com/AmazonS3/latest/dev/Introduction.html#Regions

Question78: Which of the following are characteristics of Amazon VPC subnets? Choose 2 answers.
 A.  Each subnet spans at least 2 Availability Zones to provide a high-availability environment.
 B.  Each subnet maps to a single Availability Zone. 
 C.  CIDR block mask of/25 is the smallest range supported.
 D.  By default, all subnets can route between each other, whether they are private or public. 
 E.  Instances in a private subnet can communicate with the Internet only if they have an Elastic IP.
answers: B. 
 D.
Explanation: Even though we know the right Answers it is sometimes good to know why the other Answers are wrong. A:  Is wrong because a subnet maps to a single AZ. C:  Is wrong because /28 is the smallest subnet, amazon takes first four and last addresses per subnet. E:  Is wrong because a private subnet needs a NAT appliance.

Question79: Which technique can be used to integrate AWS IAM (Identity and Access Management) with an on-premise LDAP (Lightweight Directory Access Protocol) directory service?
 A.  Use an IAM policy that references the LDAP account identifiers and the AWS credentials.
 B.  Use SAML (Security Assertion Markup Language) to enable single sign-on between AWS and LDAP. 
 C.  Use AWS Security Token Service from an identity broker to issue short-lived AWS credentials.
 D.  Use IAM roles to automatically rotate the IAM credentials when LDAP credentials are updated.
 E.  Use the LDAP credentials to restrict a group of users from launching specific EC2 instance types.
answers: B.
Explanation: https://d0.awsstatic.com/whitepapers/aws-whitepaper-single-sign-on-integrating-aws-open-ldap-andshibboleth.pdf

Question80: Your application provides data transformation services. Files containing data to be transformed are first uploaded to Amazon S3 and then transformed by a fleet of spot EC2 instances. Files submitted by yourpremium customers must be transformed with the highest priority. How should you implement such a system?
 A.  Use a DynamoDB table with an attribute defining the priority level. Transformation instances will scan the  table for tasks, sorting the results by priority level.
 B.  Use Route 53 latency based-routing to send high priority tasks to the closest transformation instances.
 C.  Use two SQS queues, one for high priority messages, the other for default priority. Transformation  instances first poll the high priority queue; if there is no message, they poll the default priority queue. 
 D.  Use a single SQS queue. Each message contains the priority level. Transformation instances poll highpriority messages first.
answers: C.


Question81: A company is building a two-tier web application to serve dynamic transaction-based content. The data tier is leveraging an Online Transactional Processing (OLTP) database. What services should you leverage to enable an elastic and scalable web tier?
 A.  Elastic Load Balancing, Amazon EC2, and Auto Scaling
 B.  Elastic Load Balancing, Amazon RDS with Multi-AZ, and Amazon S3
 C.  Amazon RDS with Multi-AZ and Auto Scaling
 D.  Amazon EC2, Amazon DynamoDB, and Amazon S3
answers: A.


Question82: Which services allow the customer to retain full administrative privileges of the underlying EC2 instances? Choose 2 answers
 A.  Amazon Relational Database Service
 B.  Amazon Elastic Map Reduce 
 C.  Amazon ElastiCache
 D.  Amazon DynamoDB
 E.  AWS Elastic Beanstalk
answers: B. 
 E.


Question83: You have a video transcoding application running on Amazon EC2. Each instance polls a queue to find out which video should be transcoded, and then runs a transcoding process. If this process is interrupted, the video will be transcoded by another instance based on the queuing system. You have a large backlog of videos which need to be transcoded and would like to reduce this backlog by adding more instances. You will need these instances only until the backlog is reduced. Which type of Amazon EC2 instances should you use to reduce the backlog in the most cost efficient way?
 A.  Reserved instances
 B.  Spot instances 
 C.  Dedicated instances
 D.  On-demand instances
answers: B.
Explanation: http://aws.amazon.com/ec2/purchasing-options/spot-instances/

Question84: When using the following AWS services, which should be implemented in multiple Availability Zones for high availability solutions? Choose 2 answers.
 A.  Amazon DynamoDB
 B.  Amazon Elastic Compute Cloud (EC2) 
 C.  Amazon Elastic Load Balancing 
 D.  Amazon Simple Notification Service (SNS)
 E.  Amazon Simple Storage Service (S3)
answers: B. 
 C.


Question85: You have multiple Amazon EC2 instances running in a cluster across multiple Availability Zones within the same region. What combination of the following should be used to ensure the highest network performance (packets per second), lowest latency, and lowest jitter? Choose 3 answers.
 A.  Amazon EC2 placement groups
 B.  Enhanced networking 
 C.  Amazon PV AMI
 D.  Amazon HVM AMI 
 E.  Amazon Linux
 F.  Amazon VPC
answers: B. 
 D. 
 F.
Explanation: Enhanced Networking enables you to get significantly higher packet per second (PPS) performance, lower network jitter and lower latencies. This feature uses a new network virtualization stack that provides higher I/O performance and lower CPU utilization compared to traditional implementations. In order to take advantage of Enhanced Networking, you should launch an HVM AMI in VPC, and install the appropriate driver. For instructions on how to enable Enhanced Networking on EC2 instances, see the Enhanced Networking on Linux and Enhanced Networking on Windows tutorials. For availability of this feature by instance, or to learn more, visit the Enhanced Networking FAQ section.

Question86: You are building a solution for a customer to extend their on-premises data center to AWS. The customer requires a 50- Mbps dedicated and private connection to their VPC. Which AWS product or feature satisfies this requirement?
 A.  Amazon VPC peering
 B.  Elastic IP Addresses
 C.  AWS Direct Connect 
 D.  Amazon VPC virtual private gateway
answers: C.


Question87: After launching an instance that you intend to serve as a NAT (Network Address Translation) device in a public subnet you modify your route tables to have the NAT device be the target of internet bound traffic of your private subnet. When you try and make an outbound connection to the internet from an instance in the private subnet, you are not successful. Which of the following steps could resolve the issue?
 A.  Disabling the Source/Destination Check attribute on the NAT instance
 B.  Attaching an Elastic IP address to the instance in the private subnet
 C.  Attaching a second Elastic Network Interface (ENI) to the NAT instance, and placing it in the private subnet
 D.  Attaching a second Elastic Network Interface (ENI) to the instance in the private subnet, and placing it in the  public subnet
answers: A.
Explanation: http://docs.aws.amazon.com/workspaces/latest/adminguide/gsg_create_vpc.html

Question88: You are using an m1.small EC2 Instance with one 300 GB EBS volume to host a relational database. You determined that write throughput to the database needs to be increased. Which of the following approaches can help achieve this? Choose 2 answers.
 A.  Use an array of EBS volumes.
 B.  Enable Multi-AZ mode.
 C.  Place the instance in an Auto Scaling Groups
 D.  Add an EBS volume and place into RAID 5. 
 E.  Increase the size of the EC2 Instance. 
 F.  Put the database behind an Elastic Load Balancer.
answers: D. 
 E.


Question89: Which of the following features ensures even distribution of traffic to Amazon EC2 instances in multiple Availability Zones registered with a load balancer?
 A.  Elastic Load Balancing request routing
 B.  An Amazon Route 53 weighted routing policy
 C.  Elastic Load Balancing cross-zone load balancing 
 D.  An Amazon Route 53 latency routing policy
answers: C.
Explanation: http://docs.aws.amazon.com/ElasticLoadBalancing/latest/DeveloperGuide/enable-disable-crosszone-lb.html

Question90: If you’re unable to connect via SSH to your EC2 instance, which of the following should you check and possibly correct to restore connectivity?
 A.  Adjust Security Group to permit egress traffic over TCP port 443 from your IP.
 B.  Configure the IAM role to permit changes to security group settings.
 C.  Modify the instance security group to allow ingress of ICMP packets from your IP.
 D.  Adjust the instance’s Security Group to permit ingress traffic over port 22 from your IP. 
 E.  Apply the most recently released Operating System security patches.
answers: D.
Explanation: In a VPC everything is allowed out by default.

Question91: How can an EBS volume that is currently attached to an EC2 instance be migrated from one Availability Zone to another?
 A.  Detach the volume and attach it to another EC2 instance in the other AZ.
 B.  Simply create a new volume in the other AZ and specify the original volume as the source.
 C.  Create a snapshot of the volume, and create a new volume from the snapshot in the other AZ. 
 D.  Detach the volume, then use the ec2-migrate-voiume command to move it to another AZ.
answers: C.
Explanation: While EBS volumes are locked to the Availability Zone in which they reside, snapshots are available throughout their region of residence).

Question92: Will I be alerted when automatic failover occurs?
 A.  Only if SNS configured
 B.  No
 C.  Yes
 D.  Only if Cloudwatch configured
answers: A.
Explanation: http://docs.aws.amazon.com/AmazonRDS/latest/UserGuide/USER_Events.html#USER_Events.Messages We only get alert on failover if we configure the SNS Notification.

Question93: A Provisioned IOPS volume must be at least ____ GB in size.
 A.  1
 B.  50
 C.  20
 D.  10
answers: D.
Explanation: https://aws.amazon.com/ebs/details/

Question94: When you resize the Amazon RDS DB instance, Amazon RDS will perform the upgrade during the next maintenance window. If you want the upgrade to be performed now, rather than waiting for the maintenance window, specify the ____ option.
 A.  ApplyNow
 B.  ApplySoon
 C.  ApplyThis
 D.  ApplyImmediately
answers: D.
Explanation: http://docs.aws.amazon.com/AmazonRDS/latest/UserGuide/Overview.DBInstance.Modifying.html

Question95: What is the name of licensing model in which I can use your existing Oracle Database licenses to run Oracle deployments on Amazon RDS?
 A.  Bring Your Own License
 B.  Role Bases License
 C.  Enterprise License
 D.  License Included
answers: A.
Explanation: https://aws.amazon.com/oracle/

Question96: ____ embodies the “share-nothing” architecture and essentially involves breaking a large database into several smaller databases. Common ways to split a database include 1) splitting tables that are not joined in the same query onto different hosts or 2) duplicating a table across multiple hosts and then using a hashing algorithm to determine which host receives a given update.
 A.  Sharding
 B.  Failure recovery
 C.  Federation
 D.  DDL operations
answers: A.
Explanation: Sharing embodies the “share-nothing” architecture and essentially just involves breaking a larger database up into smaller databases. Common ways to split a database are: Splitting tables that are not joined in the same query onto different hosts. Duplicating a table across multiple hosts and then splitting where a row goes. More detailed information on the pros and cons of sharing can be found at the following sites: http://technoroy.blogspot.com/2008/07/shard-database-design.html http://www.hibernate.org/subprojects/ shards.html How Amazon RDS Helps With Sharing Maintenance Overhead

Question97: Amazon RDS creates an SSL certificate and installs the certificate on the DB Instance when Amazon RDS provisions the instance. These certificates are signed by a certificate authority. The ____ is stored at https:// rds.amazonaws.com/doc/rds-ssl-ca-cert.pem.
 A.  private key
 B.  foreign key
 C.  public key 
 D.  protected key
answers: C.
Explanation: https://aws.amazon.com/blogs/aws/amazon-rds-sql-server-ssl-support/

Question98: HTTP Query-based requests are HTTP requests that use the HTTP verb GET or POST and a Query parameter named ____.
 A.  Action
 B.  Value
 C.  Reset
 D.  Retrieve
answers: A.
Explanation: http://docs.aws.amazon.com/AmazonS3/latest/dev/using-with-s3-actions.html

Question99: Is creating a Read Replica of another Read Replica supported?
 A.  Only in certain regions
 B.  Only with MSSQL based RDS
 C.  Only for Oracle RDS types
 D.  No
answers: D.
Explanation: https://aws.amazon.com/rds/faqs/

Question100: The Amazon EC2 web service can be accessed using the ____ web services messaging protocol. This interface is described by a Web Services Description Language (WSDL) document.
 A.  SOAP
 B.  DCOM
 C.  CORBA
 D.  XML-RPC
answers: A.
Explanation: http://docs.aws.amazon.com/AWSECommerceService/latest/DG/WSDLLocation.html

Question101: Amazon RDS supports SOAP only through ____.
 A.  HTTP or HTTPS
 B.  TCP/IP
 C.  HTTP
 D.  HTTPS
answers: D.
Explanation: Amazon RDS supports SOAP only through HTTPS http://docs.aws.amazon.com/AmazonRDS/latest/UserGuide/using-soap-api.html

Question102: Without ____, you must either create multiple AWS accounts-each with its own billing and subscriptions to AWS products- or your employees must share the security credentials of a single AWS account.
 A.  Amazon RDS
 B.  Amazon Glacier
 C.  Amazon EMR
 D.  Amazon IAM
answers: D.


Question103: In the Amazon RDS Oracle DB engine, the Database Diagnostic Pack and the Database Tuning Pack are onlyavailable with ____.
 A.  Oracle Standard Edition
 B.  Oracle Express Edition
 C.  Oracle Enterprise Edition 
 D.  None of these
answers: C.
Explanation: https://www.pythian.com/blog/a-most-simple-cloud-is-amazon-rds-for-oracle-right-for-you/

Question104: Amazon EC2 provides a repository of public data sets that can be seamlessly integrated into AWS cloud-based applications.What is the monthly charge for using the public data sets?
 A.  A 1 time charge of 10$ for all the datasets
 B.  1$ per dataset per month
 C.  10$ per month for all the datasets
 D.  There is no charge for using the public data sets
answers: D.


Question105: Can I initiate a “forced failover” for my Oracle Multi-AZ DB Instance deployment?
 A.  Yes
 B.  Only in certain regions
 C.  Only in VPC
 D.  No
answers: A.
Explanation: https://aws.amazon.com/public-data-sets/ If your DB instance is a Multi-AZ deployment, you can force a failover from one availability zone to another when you select the Reboot option. When you force a failover of your DB instance, Amazon RDS automatically switches to a standby replica in another Availability Zone and updates the DNS record for the DB instance to point to the standby DB instance. As a result, you will need to clean up and re-establish any existing connections to your DB instance. Reboot with failover is beneficial when you want to simulate a failure of a DB instance for testing, or restore operations to the original AZ after a failover occurs. Source: http://docs.aws.amazon.com/AmazonRDS/latest/UserGuide/USER_RebootInstance.html

Question106: Is there a limit to the number of groups you can have?
 A.  Yes for all users
 B.  Yes for all users except root
 C.  No
 D.  Yes unless special permission granted
answers: A.
Explanation: http://aws.amazon.com/rds/faqs/#46

Question107: True or False: When you add a rule to a DB security group, you do not need to specify port number or protocol.
 A.  Depends on the RDMS used
 B.  TRUE 
 C.  FALSE
answers: B.
Explanation: You no need to specify Port or Protocol for DB security group. Only VPC/instance security group only needed. http://docs.aws.amazon.com/AmazonRDS/latest/UserGuide/Overview.RDSSecurityGroups.html

Question108: To help you manage your Amazon EC2 instances, images, and other Amazon EC2 resources, you can assign your own metadata to each resource in the form of ____.
 A.  special filters
 B.  functions
 C.  tags 
 D.  wildcards
answers: C.


Question109: Do the system resources on the Micro instance meet the recommended configuration for Oracle?
 A.  Yes completely
 B.  Yes but only for certain situations 
 C.  Not in any circumstance
answers: B.
Explanation: We recommend that you use db.t1.micro instances with Oracle to test setup and connectivity only; the system resources for a db.t1.micro instance do not meet the recommended configuration for Oracle. No Oracle options are supported on a db.t1.micro instance. http://docs.aws.amazon.com/AmazonRDS/latest/ UserGuideConcepts.DBInstanceClass.html#Concepts.DBInstanceCla ss.Previous

Question110: After an Amazon VPC instance is launched, can I change the VPC security groups it belongs to?
 A.  No. You cannot.
 B.  Yes. You can. 
 C.  Only if you are the root user.
 D.  Only if the tag “VPC_Change_Group” is true.
answers: B.
Explanation: Security groups are associated with network interfaces. After you launch an instance, you can change the security groups associated with the instance, which changes the security groups associated with the primary network interface (eth0).

Question111: A ____ is the concept of allowing (or disallowing) an entity such as a user, group, or role some type of access to one or more resources.
 A.  user
 B.  AWS Account
 C.  resource
 D.  permission
answers: D.
Explanation: A permission is the concept of allowing (or disallowing) an entity such as a user, group, or role some type of access to one or more resources.

Question112: Within the IAM service a GROUP is regarded as a:
 A.  A collection of AWS accounts.
 B.  It’s the group of EC2 machines that gain the permissions specified in the GROUP.
 C.  There’s no GROUP in IAM, but only USERS and RESOURCES.
 D.  A collection of users.
answers: D.
Explanation: Use groups to assign permissions to IAM users Instead of defining permissions for individual IAM users, it’s usually more convenient to create groups that relate to job functions (administrators, developers, accounting, etc.), define the relevant permissions for each group, and then assign IAM users to those groups. All the users in an IAM group inherit the permissions assigned to the group. That way, you can make changes for everyone in a group in just one place. As people move around in your company, you can simply change what IAM group their IAM user belongs to. http://docs.aws.amazon.com/IAM/latest/UserGuide/best-practices.html#use-groups-for-permissions

Question113: What does Amazon EBS stand for?
 A.  Elastic Block Storage
 B.  Elastic Business Server
 C.  Elastic Blade Server
 D.  Elastic Block Store
answers: D.
Explanation: https://aws.amazon.com/ebs/ Amazon Elastic Block Store (EBS) Amazon Elastic Block Store (Amazon EBS) provides persistent block level storage volumes for use with Amazon EC2 instances in the AWS Cloud. Each Amazon EBS volume is automatically replicated within its Availability Zone to protect you from component failure, offering high availability and durability. Amazon EBS volumes offer the consistent and low- latency performance needed to run your workloads. With Amazon EBS, you can scale your usage up or down within minutes all while paying a low price for only what you provision.

Question114: What does the “Server Side Encryption” option on Amazon S3 provide?
 A.  It provides an encrypted virtual disk in the Cloud.
 B.  It doesn’t exist for Amazon S3, but only for Amazon EC2.
 C.  It encrypts the files that you send to Amazon S3, on the server side. 
 D.  It allows to upload files using an SSL endpoint, for a secure transfer.
answers: C.
Explanation: https://docs.aws.amazon.com/AmazonS3/latest/dev/UsingServerSideEncryption.html Server-side encryption is about protecting data at rest. Server-side encryption with Amazon S3-managed encryption keys (SSE-S3) employs strong multi-factor encryption. Amazon S3 encrypts each object with a unique key. As an additional safeguard, it encrypts the key itself with amaster key that it regularly rotates. Amazon S3 server-side encryption uses one of the strongest block ciphers available, 256-bit Advanced Encryption Standard (AES-256), to encrypt your data.

Question115: Does AWS Direct Connect allow you access to all Availabilities Zones within a Region?
 A.  Depends on the type of connection
 B.  No
 C.  Yes 
 D.  Only when there’s just one availability zone in a region. If there are more than one, only one availability zone  can be accessed directly
answers: C.


Question116: What is the charge for the data transfer incurred in replicating data between your primary and standby?
 A.  No charge. It is free.
 B.  Double the standard data transfer charge.
 C.  Same as the standard data transfer charge.
 D.  Half of the standard data transfer charge.
answers: A.
Explanation: Q: How much do Read Replicas cost? When does billing begin and end? A Read Replica is billed as a standard DB Instance and at the same rates. Click here for more information on DB Instance billing visit this FAQ. Just like a standard DB Instance, the rate per “DB Instance hour” for a Read Replica is determined by the DB Instance class of the Read Replica please see Amazon RDS detail page for up-to-date pricing. You are not charged for the data transfer incurred in replicating data between your source DB Instance and Read Replica. Billing for a Read Replica begins as soon as the Read Replica has been successfully created (i.e. when status is listed as “active”). The Read Replica will continue being billed at standard Amazon RDS DB Instance hour rates until you issue a command to delete it.

Question117: REST or Query requests are HTTP or HTTPS requests that use an HTTP verb (such as GET or POST) and a parameter named Action or Operation that specifies the API you are calling.
 A.  FALSE
 B.  TRUE
answers: B.
Explanation: http://docs.aws.amazon.com/AWSEC2/latest/APIReference/Query-Requests.html

Question118: What’s an ECU?
 A.  Extended Cluster User.
 B.  None of these. 
 C.  Elastic Computer Usage.
 D.  Elastic Compute Unit.
answers: B.
Explanation: The EC2 Compute Unit (ECU) provides the relative measure of the integer processing power of an Amazon EC2 instance. https://aws.amazon.com/ec2/faqs/

Question119: Can I detach the primary (eth0) network interface when the instance is running or stopped?
 A.  Yes, You can
 B.  No. You cannot 
 C.  Depends on the state of the interface at the time
answers: B.
Explanation: Each instance in a VPC has a default elastic network interface (the primary network interface, eth0) that is assigned a private IP address from the IP address range of your VPC. You cannot detach a primary network interface from an instance.

Question120: Amazon S3 doesn’t automatically give a user who creates ____ permission to perform other actions on thatbucket or object.
 A.  a file
 B.  a bucket or object 
 C.  a bucket or file
 D.  a object or file
answers: B.
Explanation: Amazon S3 doesn’t automatically give a user who creates a bucket or object permission to perform other actions on that bucket or object. Therefore, in your IAM policies, you must explicitly give users permission to use the Amazon S3 resources they create. http://docs.aws.amazon.com/IAM/latest/UserGuide/IAM_UseCases.html

Question121: What does Amazon SES stand for?
 A.  Simple Elastic Server
 B.  Simple Email Service 
 C.  Software Email Solution
 D.  Software Enabled Server
answers: B.
Explanation: http://aws.amazon.com/ses/

Question122: What is an isolated database environment running in the cloud (Amazon RDS) called?
 A.  DB Instance
 B.  DB Unit
 C.  DB Server
 D.  DB Volume
answers: A.


Question123: Is there a method in the IAM system to allow or deny access to a specific instance?
 A.  Only for VPC based instances
 B.  Yes 
 C.  No
answers: B.
Explanation: http://docs.aws.amazon.com/IAM/latest/UserGuide/reference_policies_evaluation-logic.html#policy-evaldenyallow – By default, all requests are denied. (In general, requests made using the account credentials for resources in the account are always allowed.) – An explicit allow overrides this default. – An explicit deny overrides any allows.

Question124: Does Dynamic DB support in-place atomic updates?
 A.  It is not defined
 B.  No
 C.  Yes 
 D.  It does support in-place non-atomic updates
answers: C.
Explanation: Q: Does DynamoDB support in-place atomic updates? Amazon DynamoDB supports fast in-place updates. You can increment or decrement a numeric attribute in a row using a single API call. Similarly, you can atomically add or remove to sets, lists, or maps. https://aws.amazon.com/dynamodb/faqs/

Question125: Location of Instances are ____.
 A.  Regional
 B.  based on Availability Zone 
 C.  Global
answers: B.
Explanation: Regions and Availability Zones Amazon EC2 is hosted in multiple locations world-wide. These locations are composed of regions and Availability Zones. Each region is a separate geographic area. Each region has multiple, isolated locations known as Availability Zones. Amazon EC2 provides you the ability to place resources, such as instances, anddata in multiple locations. Resources aren’t replicated across regions unless you do so specifically. http:// docs.aws.amazon.com/AWSEC2/latest/UserGuide/using-regions-availability-zones.html#concepts-regionsavailability-zones

Question126: What does Amazon RDS stand for?
 A.  Regional Data Server.
 B.  Relational Database Service. 
 C.  Nothing.
 D.  Regional Database Service.
answers: B.


Question127: If I want my instance to run on a single-tenant hardware, which value do I have to set the instance’s tenancy attribute to?
 A.  dedicated
 B.  isolated
 C.  one
 D.  reserved
answers: A.
Explanation: http://aws.amazon.com/ec2/dedicated-hosts/

Question128: Fill in the blanks: ____ is a durable, block-level storage volume that you can attach to a single, running Amazon EC2 instance.
 A.  Amazon S3
 B.  Amazon EBS 
 C.  None of these
 D.  All of these
answers: B.


Question129: You can use ____ and ____ to help secure the instances in your VPC.
 A.  security groups and multi-factor authentication
 B.  security groups and 2-Factor authentication
 C.  security groups and biometric authentication
 D.  security groups and network ACLs
answers: D.


Question130: By default what are ENIs that are automatically created and attached to instances using the EC2 console set to do when the attached instance terminates?
 A.  Remain as is
 B.  Terminate 
 C.  Hibernate
 D.  Pause
answers: B.
Explanation: By default, elastic network interfaces that are automatically created and attached to instances using the console are set to terminate when the instance terminates. However, network interfaces created using the command line interface aren’t set to terminate when the instance terminates. Source:http://docs.aws.amazon.com/AWSEC2/latest/UserGuide/using-eni.html#change_term_behavior

Question131: In the context of MySQL, version numbers are organized as MySQL version = X.Y.Z. What does X denotehere?
 A.  release level
 B.  minor version
 C.  version number
 D.  major version
answers: D.
Explanation:

Question132: Is decreasing the storage size of a DB Instance permitted?
 A.  Depends on the RDMS used
 B.  Yes
 C.  No
answers: C.
Explanation: “note that you cannot reduce storage size once it has been allocated” Source: http://docs.aws.amazon.com/ AmazonRDS/latest/UserGuideCHAP_Storage.html#CHAP_Storage.FactsAbout

Question133: Select the correct set of steps for exposing the snapshot only to specific AWS accounts.
 A.  Select public for all the accounts and check mark those accounts with whom you want to expose the  snapshots and click Save.
 B.  Select Private, enter the IDs of those AWS accounts, and click Save. 
 C.  Select Public, enter the IDs of those AWS accounts, and click Save.
 D.  Select Public, mark the IDs of those AWS accounts as private, and click Save.
answers: B.
Explanation: “To expose the snapshot to only specific AWS accounts, choose Private, enter the ID of the AWS account (without hyphens) in the AWS Account Number field, and choose Add Permission. Repeat until you’ve added all the required AWS accounts.” http://docs.aws.amazon.com/AWSEC2/latest/UserGuide/ebs-modifying-snapshot-permissions.html

Question134: Which Amazon storage do you think is the best for my database-style applications that frequently encounter many random reads and writes across the dataset?
 A.  None of these.
 B.  Amazon Instance Storage
 C.  Any of these
 D.  Amazon EBS
answers: D.
Explanation: “Amazon EBS is particularly helpful for database-style applications that frequently encounter many random reads and writes across the data set.” http://docs.aws.amazon.com/AWSEC2/latest/UserGuide/AmazonEBS.html

Question135: Because of the extensibility limitations of striped storage attached to Windows Server, Amazon RDS does not currently support increasing storage on a ____ DB Instance.
 A.  SQL Server
 B.  MySQL
 C.  Oracle
answers: A.


Question136: Does Route 53 support MX Records?
 A.  Yes.
 B.  It supports CNAME records, but not MX records.
 C.  No.
 D.  Only Primary MX records. Secondary MX records are not supported.
answers: A.
Explanation: http://docs.aws.amazon.com/Route53/latest/DeveloperGuide/ResourceRecordTypes.html#MXFormat

Question137: Does Amazon RDS for SQL Server currently support importing data into the msdb database?
 A.  No
 B.  Yes
answers: A.
Explanation: Amazon RDS for SQL Server does not currently support importing data into the msdb database, though we do support SQL Server Agent jobs. Some SQL Server features that use the msdb database, such as Database Mail and Replication, are not currently supported in Amazon RDS. http://docs.aws.amazon.com/AmazonRDS/latest/UserGuide/ SQLServer.Procedural.Importing.html#SQLServer.Proced ural.Importing.Procedure

Question138: Is it possible to access your EBS snapshots?
 A.  Yes, through the Amazon S3 APIs.
 B.  Yes, through the Amazon EC2 APIs. 
 C.  No, EBS snapshots cannot be accessed; they can only be used to create a new EBS volume.
 D.  EBS doesn’t provide snapshots.
answers: B.
Explanation: https://aws.amazon.com/ebs/faqs/?nc1=h_ls Q: Will I be able to access my snapshots using the regular Amazon S3 API? No, snapshots are only available through the Amazon EC2 API.

Question139: If your DB instance runs out of storage space or file system resources, its status will change to ____ and your DB Instance will no longer be available.
 A.  storage-overflow
 B.  storage-full 
 C.  storage-exceed
 D.  storage-overage
answers: B.
Explanation: https://aws.amazon.com/ko/premiumsupport/knowledge-center/rds-out-of-storage/

Question140: Which DNS name can only be resolved within Amazon EC2?
 A.  Internal DNS name
 B.  External DNS name
 C.  Global DNS name
 D.  Private DNS name
answers: D.
Explanation: Using Private Hosted Zones If you want to access the resources in your VPC using custom DNS domain names, such as example.com, instead of using private IP addresses or AWS-provided private DNS hostnames, you can create a private hosted zone in Amazon Route 53. A private hosted zone is a container that holds information about how you want to route traffic for a domain and its subdomains within one or more VPCs without exposing your resources to the Internet. You can then create Amazon Route 53 resource record sets, which determine how Amazon Route 53 responds to queries for your domain and subdomains. For example, if you want browser requests for example.com to be routed to a web server in your VPC, you’ll create an A record in your private hosted zone and specify the IP address of that web server. For more information about creating a private hosted zone, see Working with Private Hosted Zones in the Amazon Route 53 Developer Guide.

Question141: My Read Replica appears “stuck” after a Multi-AZ failover and is unable to obtain or apply updates from the source DB Instance. What do I do?
 A.  You will need to delete the Read Replica and create a new one to replace it.
 B.  You will need to disassociate the DB Engine and re associate it.
 C.  The instance should be deployed to Single AZ and then moved to Multi-AZ once again.
 D.  You will need to delete the DB Instance and create a new one to replace it.
answers: A.
Explanation: Q: My Amazon RDS for MySQL Read Replica appears “stuck” after a Multi-AZ failover and is unable to obtain or apply updates from the source DB Instance. What do I do? … To resolve the current issue, you will need to delete the Read Replica and create a new one to replace it. “ https://aws.amazon.com/rds/faqs/

Question142: Is the SQL Server Audit feature supported in the Amazon RDS SQL Server engine?
 A.  No
 B.  Yes
answers: A.
Explanation: http://docs.aws.amazon.com/AmazonRDS/latest/UserGuide/CHAP_SQLServer.html

Question143: Multi-AZ deployment ____ supported for Microsoft SQL Server DB Instances.
 A.  is not currently
 B.  is as of 2013
 C.  is planned to be in 2014 
 D.  will never be
answers: C.
Explanation: https://aws.amazon.com/about-aws/whats-new/2014/05/19/amazon-rds-for-sqlserver-introduces-multi-azsupport/

Question144: Please select the most correct answer regarding the persistence of the Amazon Instance Store.
 A.  The data on an instance store volume persists only during the life of the associated Amazon EC2 instance
 B.  The data on an instance store volume is lost when the security group rule of the associated instance is  changed
 C.  The data on an instance store volume persists even after associated Amazon EC2 instance is deleted
answers: A.
Explanation: http://docs.aws.amazon.com/AWSEC2/latest/UserGuide/Storage.html

Question145: True or False: Common points of failures like generators and cooling equipment are shared across Availability Zones.
 A.  TRUE
 B.  FALSE
answers: B.


Question146: Is the encryption of connections between my application and my DB Instance using SSL for the MySQL server engines available?
 A.  Yes
 B.  Only in VPC
 C.  Only in certain regions
 D.  No
answers: A.
Explanation: https://aws.amazon.com/rds/faqs/

Question147: A group can contain many users. Can a user belong to multiple groups?
 A.  Yes always
 B.  No
 C.  Yes but only if they are using two factor authentication
 D.  Yes but only in VPC
answers: A.
Explanation: A group can contain many users, and a user can belong to multiple groups. http://docs.aws.amazon.com/IAM/latest/UserGuide/id_groups.html

Question148: Can I initiate a “forced failover” for my MySQL Multi-AZ DB Instance deployment?
 A.  Only in certain regions
 B.  Only in VPC
 C.  Yes 
 D.  No
answers: C.
Explanation: If your DB instance is a Multi-AZ deployment, you can force a failover from one availability zone to another when you select the Reboot option. When you force a failover of your DB instance, Amazon RDS automatically switches to a standby replica in another Availability Zone and updates the DNS record for the DB instance to point to the standby DB instance. As a result, you will need to clean up and re-establish any existing connections to your DB instance. Reboot with failover is beneficial when you want to simulate a failure of a DB instance for testing, or restore operations to the original AZ after a failover occurs. Source: http://docs.aws.amazon.com/AmazonRDS/latest/UserGuide/USER_RebootInstance.html

Question149: Amazon EC2 has no Amazon Resource Names (ARNs) because you can’t specify a particular Amazon EC2 resource in an IAM policy.
 A.  TRUE
 B.  FALSE
answers: B.
Explanation: http://blogs.aws.amazon.com/security/post/Tx29HCT3ABL7LP3/Resource-level-Permissions-for-EC2- Controlling- Management-Access-on-Specific-Ins

Question150: Groups can’t ____.
 A.  be nested more than 3 levels
 B.  be nested at all 
 C.  be nested more than 4 levels
 D.  be nested more than 2 levels
answers: B.


Question151: What is the maximum key length of a tag?
 A.  512 Unicode characters
 B.  64 Unicode characters
 C.  256 Unicode characters
 D.  128 Unicode characters
answers: D.


Question152: Every user you create in the IAM system starts with ____.
 A.  full permissions
 B.  no permissions 
 C.  partial permissions
answers: B.
Explanation: Permissions let you specify who has access to AWS resources, and what actions they can perform on those resources. Every IAM user starts with no permissions. http://docs.aws.amazon.com/IAM/latest/UserGuide/access_permissions.html#NoDefaultPermissions

Question153: If you are using Amazon RDS Provisioned IOPS storage with MySQL and Oracle database engines, you can scale the throughput of your database Instance by specifying the IOPS rate from ____.
 A.  1,000 to 1, 00, 000
 B.  100 to 1, 000
 C.  10, 000 to 1, 00, 000
 D.  1, 000 to 10, 000
answers: D.
Explanation: If you are using RDS Provisioned IOPS, you can also scale the throughput of your DB Instance by specifying the IOPS rate from 1,000 IOPS to 10,000 IOPS in 1,000 IOPS https://aws.amazon.com/rds/mysql/

Question154: If an Amazon EBS volume is the root device of an instance, can I detach it without stopping the instance?
 A.  Yes but only if Windows instance
 B.  No 
 C.  Yes
 D.  Yes but only if a Linux instance
answers: B.
Explanation: “If an EBS volume is the root device of an instance, you must stop the instance before you can detach the volume.” http://docs.aws.amazon.com/AWSEC2/latest/UserGuide/ebs-detaching-volume.html

Question155: Please select the Amazon EC2 resource which can be tagged.
 A.  key pairs
 B.  Elastic IP addresses
 C.  placement groups
 D.  Amazon EBS snapshots
answers: D.
Explanation: Placement group and Elastic IP cannot be tagged. http://docs.aws.amazon.com/AWSEC2/latest/UserGuide/Using_Tags.html Snapshots can be tagged: http:// docs.aws.amazon.com/AWSEC2/latest/UserGuide/Using_Tags.html

Question156: The one-time payment for Reserved Instances is ____ refundable if the reservation is cancelled.
 A.  always
 B.  in some circumstances
 C.  never
answers: C.
Explanation: the one-time fee is non-refundable. https://aws.amazon.com/ec2/purchasing-options/reserved-instances/buyer/

Question157: What is a Security Group?
 A.  None of these.
 B.  A list of users that can access Amazon EC2 instances.
 C.  An Access Control List (ACL) for AWS resources.
 D.  A firewall for inbound traffic, built-in around every Amazon EC2 instance.
answers: D.
Explanation: A security group acts as a virtual firewall for your instance to control inbound and outbound traffic. http:// docs.aws.amazon.com/AmazonVPC/latest/UserGuide/VPC_SecurityGroups.html

Question158: How many Elastic IP by default in Amazon Account?
 A.  1 Elastic IP
 B.  3 Elastic IP
 C.  5 Elastic IP 
 D.  0 Elastic IP
answers: C.
Explanation: “By default, all AWS accounts are limited to 5 Elastic IP addresses, because public (IPv4) Internet addresses are a scarce public resource.” http://docs.aws.amazon.com/AWSEC2/latest/UserGuide/elastic-ip-addresses-eip.html

Question159: What does Amazon Route53 provide?
 A.  A global Content Delivery Network.
 B.  None of these.
 C.  A scalable Domain Name System. 
 D.  An SSH endpoint for Amazon EC2.
answers: C.
Explanation: https://aws.amazon.com/route53/

Question160: Select the correct set of options. These are the initial settings for the default security group:
 A.  Allow no inbound traffic, Allow all outbound traffic and Allow instances associated with this security group to  talk to each other
 B.  Allow all inbound traffic, Allow no outbound traffic and Allow instances associated with this security group to  talk to each other
 C.  Allow no inbound traffic, Allow all outbound traffic and Does NOT allow instances associated with this  security group to talk to each other
 D.  Allow all inbound traffic, Allow all outbound traffic and Does NOT allow instances associated with this  security group to talk to each other
answers: A.
Explanation: http://docs.aws.amazon.com/AWSEC2/latest/UserGuide/using-network-security.html#default-security-group A default security group is named default, and it has an ID assigned by AWS. The following are the initial settings for each default security group: Allow inbound traffic only from other instances associated with the default security group Allow all outbound traffic from the instance The default security group specifies itself as a source security group in its inbound rules. This is what allows instances associated with the default security group to communicate with other instances associated with the default security group.

Question161: Can we attach an EBS volume to more than one EC2 instance at the same time?
 A.  Yes.
 B.  No 
 C.  Only EC2-optimized EBS volumes
 D.  Only in read mode
answers: B.
Explanation: EBS is network attached storage that can only be attached to one instance at a time https://aws.amazon.com/ ebs/getting-started/

Question162: Do the Amazon EBS volumes persist independently from the running life of an Amazon EC2 instance?
 A.  Only if instructed to when created
 B.  Yes 
 C.  No
answers: B.
Explanation: Data persistence An EBS volume is off-instance storage that can persist independently from the life of an instance. You continue to pay for the volume usage as long as the data persists.

Question163: What is the default maximum number of MFA devices in use per AWS account (at the root account level)?
 A.  1
 B.  5
 C.  15
 D.  10
answers: A.
Explanation: http://docs.aws.amazon.com/IAM/latest/UserGuide/reference_iam-limits.html

Question164: When automatic failover occurs, Amazon RDS will emit a DB Instance event to inform you that automatic failover occurred. You can use the ____ to return information about events related to your DB Instance.
 A.  FetchFailure
 B.  DescriveFailure
 C.  DescribeEvents 
 D.  FetchEvents
answers: C.
Explanation: Q: Will I be alerted when automatic failover occurs? Yes, Amazon RDS will emit a DB Instance event to inform you that automatic failover occurred. You can use the DescribeEvents to return information about events related to your DB Instance, or click the “DB Events” section of the AWS Management Console https://aws.amazon.com/rds/faqs/

Question165: When you use the AWS Management Console to delete an IAM user, IAM also deletes any signing certificates and any access keys belonging to the user.
 A.  FALSE
 B.  This is configurable
 C.  TRUE
answers: C.
Explanation: When you use the AWS Management Console to delete an IAM user, IAM automatically deletes the following information for you: The user Any group memberships — that is, the user is removed from any IAM groups that the user was a member of: Any password associated with the user Any access keys belonging to the user All inline policies embedded in the user (policies that are applied to a user via group permissions are not affected) Note! Any managed policies attached to the user are detached from the user when the user is deleted. Managed policies are not deleted when you delete a user. Any associated MFA device http://docs.aws.amazon.com/IAM/latest/UserGuide/id_users_manage.html#id_users_deleting_console

Question166: True or False: Without IAM, you cannot control the tasks a particular user or system can do and what AWS resources they might use.
 A.  FALSE
 B.  TRUE
answers: B.
Explanation: http://docs.aws.amazon.com/IAM/latest/UserGuide/getting-setup.html

Question167: The ____ service is targeted at organizations with multiple users or systems that use AWS products such as Amazon EC2, Amazon SimpleDB, and the AWS Management Console.
 A.  Amazon RDS
 B.  AWS Integrity Management
 C.  AWS Identity and Access Management 
 D.  Amazon EMR
answers: C.
Explanation: https://aws.amazon.com/documentation/iam/?nc1=h_ls

Question168: What is the maximum response time for a Business level Premium Support case?
 A.  120 seconds
 B.  1 hour 
 C.  10 minutes
 D.  12 hours
answers: B.
Explanation: https://aws.amazon.com/premiumsupport/features/

Question169: Can I delete a snapshot of the root device of an EBS volume used by a registered AMI?
 A.  Only via API
 B.  Only via Console
 C.  Yes
 D.  No
answers: D.
Explanation: Note that you can’t delete a snapshot of the root device of an EBS volume used by a registered AMI. You must first deregister the AMI before you can delete the snapshot. http://docs.aws.amazon.com/AWSEC2/latest/UserGuide/ebs-deleting-snapshot.html

Question170: The new DB Instance that is created when you promote a Read Replica retains the backup window period.
 A.  TRUE
 B.  FALSE
answers: A.
Explanation: “The new DB instance that is created when you promote a Read Replica retains the backup retention period, backup window period, and parameter group of the former Read Replica source.” http://docs.aws.amazon.com/ AmazonRDS/latest/UserGuide/USER_ReadRepl.html

Question171: What is the type of monitoring data (for Amazon EBS volumes) which is available automatically in 5-minute periods at no charge called?
 A.  Basic
 B.  Primary
 C.  Detailed
 D.  Local
answers: A.
Explanation: Monitoring Volumes with CloudWatch CloudWatch metrics are statistical data that you can use to view, analyze, and set alarms on the operational behavior of your volumes. The following table describes the types of monitoring data available for your Amazon EBS volumes: Basic Data is available automatically in 5-minute periods at no charge. This includes data for the root device volumes for EBS- backed instances. DetailedProvisioned IOPS SSD (io1) volumes automatically send one-minute metrics to CloudWatch. http:// docs.aws.amazon.com/AWSEC2/latest/UserGuide/monitoring-volume-status.html

Question172: How are the EBS snapshots saved on Amazon S3?
 A.  Exponentially
 B.  Incrementally 
 C.  EBS snapshots are not stored in the Amazon S3
 D.  Decrementally
answers: B.


Question173: Select the incorrect statement
 A.  In Amazon EC2, the private IP addresses only returned to Amazon EC2 when the instance is stopped or  terminated.
 B.  In Amazon VPC, an instance retains its private IP addresses when the instance is stopped.
 C.  In Amazon VPC, an instance does NOT retain its private IP addresses when the instance is stopped. 
 D.  In Amazon EC2, the private IP address is associated exclusively with the instance for its lifetime.
answers: C.
Explanation: A private IP address remains associated with the network interface when the instance is stopped and restarted, and is released when the instance is terminated.

Question174: Please select the Amazon EC2 resource which cannot be tagged.
 A.  images (AMIs, kernels, RAM disks)
 B.  Amazon EBS volumes
 C.  Elastic IP addresses 
 D.  VPCs
answers: C.
Explanation: http://docs.aws.amazon.com/AWSEC2/latest/UserGuide/Using_Tags.html#tag-restrictions

Question175: What are the four levels of AWS Premium Support?
 A.  Basic, Developer, Business, Enterprise
 B.  Basic, Startup, Business, Enterprise
 C.  Free, Bronze, Silver, Gold
 D.  All support is free
answers: A.
Explanation: Q: How are the enhanced AWS Support tiers different from Basic Support? AWS Basic Support offers all AWS customers access to our Resource Center, Service Health Dashboard, Product FAQs, Discussion Forums, and Support for Health Checks at no additional charge. Customers who desire a deeper level of support can subscribe to AWS Support at the Developer, Business, or Enterprise level. https://aws.amazon.com/premiumsupport/faqs/

Question176: What does Amazon CloudFormation provide?
 A.  The ability to setup Autoscaling for Amazon EC2 instances.
 B.  None of these.
 C.  A templated resource creation for Amazon Web Services. 
 D.  A template to map network resources for Amazon Web Services.
answers: C.
Explanation: https://docs.aws.amazon.com/AWSCloudFormation/latest/UserGuide/Welcome.html AWS CloudFormation is a service that helps you model and set up your Amazon Web Services resources so that you can spend less time managing those resources and more time focusing on your applications that run in AWS. You create a template that describes all the AWS resources that you want (like Amazon EC2 instances or Amazon RDS DB instances), and AWS CloudFormation takes care of provisioning and configuring those resources for you.

Question177: If I have multiple Read Replicas for my master DB Instance and I promote one of them, what happens to the rest of the Read Replicas?
 A.  The remaining Read Replicas will still replicate from the older master DB Instance
 B.  The remaining Read Replicas will be deleted
 C.  The remaining Read Replicas will be combined to one read replica
answers: A.
Explanation: If a source DB instance has several Read Replicas, promoting one of the Read Replicas to a DB instance has no effect on the other replicas.

Question178: Fill in the blanks: “To ensure failover capabilities, consider using a ____ for incoming traffic on a network interface”.
 A.  primary public IP
 B.  secondary private IP 
 C.  secondary public IP
 D.  add on secondary IP
answers: B.
Explanation: To ensure failover capabilities, consider using a secondary private IP for incoming traffic on an elastic network interface. In the event of an instance failure, you can move the interface and/or secondary private IP address to a standby instance

Question179: Making your snapshot public shares all snapshot data with everyone. Can the snapshots with AWS Marketplace product codes be made public?
 A.  No
 B.  Yes
answers: A.
Explanation: “Making your snapshot public shares all snapshot data with everyone; however, snapshots with AWS Marketplace product codes cannot be made public. Encrypted snapshots cannot be shared between accounts or made public.” http://docs.aws.amazon.com/AWSEC2/latest/UserGuide/ebs-modifying-snapshotpermissions.html “This is not a valid option for encrypted snapshots or snapshots with AWS Marketplace product codes.”

Question180: Can I use Provisioned IOPS with VPC?
 A.  Only Oracle based RDS
 B.  No
 C.  Only with MSSQL based RDS
 D.  Yes for all RDS instances
answers: D.


Question181: True or False: If you add a tag that has the same key as an existing tag on a DB Instance, the new value overwrites the old value.
 A.  FALSE
 B.  TRUE
answers: B.
Explanation: http://docs.aws.amazon.com/AWSEC2/latest/UserGuide/Using_Tags.html

Question182: Can I test my DB Instance against a new version before upgrading?
 A.  No
 B.  Yes 
 C.  Only in VPC
answers: B.
Explanation: http://docs.aws.amazon.com/AmazonRDS/latest/UserGuide/USER_UpgradeDBInstance.Upgrading.html

Question183: If I want to run a database in an Amazon instance, which is the most recommended Amazon storage option?
 A.  Amazon Instance Storage
 B.  Amazon EBS 
 C.  You can’t run a database inside an Amazon instance
 D.  Amazon S3
answers: B.
Explanation: http://docs.aws.amazon.com/AWSEC2/latest/UserGuide/Storage.html

Question184: If you have chosen Multi-AZ deployment, in the event of a planned or unplanned outage of your primary DB Instance, Amazon RDS automatically switches to the standby replica. The automatic failover mechanism simply changes the ____ record of the main DB Instance to point to the standby DB Instance.
 A.  DNAME
 B.  CNAME 
 C.  TXT
 D.  MX
answers: B.
Explanation: “When failing over, Amazon RDS simply flips the canonical name record (CNAME) for your DB Instance to point at the standby, which is in turn promoted to become the new primary” https://aws.amazon.com/rds/faqs/

Question185: MySQL installations default to port ____.
 A.  3306
 B.  443
 C.  80
 D.  1158
answers: A.
Explanation: http://docs.aws.amazon.com/AmazonRDS/latest/UserGuide/USER_ConnectToInstance.html

Question186: Amazon RDS automated backups and DB Snapshots are currently supported for only the ____ storage engine.
 A.  MyISAM
 B.  InnoDB
answers: B.
Explanation: http://docs.aws.amazon.com/AmazonRDS/latest/UserGuide/CHAP_MySQL.html

Question187: What is the command line instruction for running the remote desktop client in Windows?
 A.  desk.cpl
 B.  mstsc
answers: B.


Question188: Which Amazon service can I use to define a virtual network that closely resembles a traditional data center?
 A.  Amazon VPC
 B.  Amazon ServiceBus
 C.  Amazon EMR
 D.  Amazon RDS
answers: A.


Question189: Which service enables AWS customers to manage users and permissions in AWS?
 A.  AWS Access Control Service (ACS)
 B.  AWS Identity and Access Management (IAM) 
 C.  AWS Identity Manager (AIM)
answers: B.


Question190: Are Reserved Instances available for Multi-AZ Deployments?
 A.  Only for Cluster Compute instances
 B.  Yes for all instance types 
 C.  Only for M3 instance types
 D.  No
answers: B.
Explanation: https://aws.amazon.com/rds/faqs/

Question191: What is the minimum charge for the data transferred between Amazon RDS and Amazon EC2 Instances in the same Availability Zone?
 A.  USD 0.10 per GB
 B.  No charge. It is free. 
 C.  USD 0.02 per GB
 D.  USD 0.01 per GB
answers: B.


Question192: When should I choose Provisioned IOPS over Standard RDS storage?
 A.  If you have batch-oriented workloads
 B.  If you use production online transaction processing (OLTP) workloads 
 C.  If you have workloads that are not sensitive to consistent performance
answers: B.
Explanation: http://docs.aws.amazon.com/AmazonRDS/latest/UserGuide/CHAP_Storage.html Amazon RDS provisions that IOPS rate and storage for the lifetime of the DB instance or until you change it. Provisioned IOPS storage is optimized for I/O intensive, online transaction processing (OLTP) workloads that have consistent performance requirements. Provisioned IOPS helps performance tuning.

Question193: When running my DB Instance as a Multi-AZ deployment, can I use the standby for read or write operations?
 A.  Yes
 B.  Only with MSSQL based RDS
 C.  Only for Oracle RDS instances
 D.  No
answers: D.
Explanation:

Question194: Read Replicas require a transactional storage engine and are only supported for the ____ storage engine.
 A.  OracleISAM
 B.  MSSQLDB
 C.  InnoDB 
 D.  MyISAM
answers: C.
Explanation: http://docs.aws.amazon.com/AmazonRDS/latest/UserGuide/USER_ReadRepl.html

Question195: What happens to the I/O operations while you take a database snapshot?
 A.  I/O operations to the database are suspended for a few minutes while the backup is in progress.
 B.  I/O operations to the database are sent to a Replica (if available) for a few minutes while the backup is in  progress.
 C.  I/O operations will be functioning normally.
 D.  I/O operations to the database are suspended for an hour while the backup is in progress.
answers: A.
Explanation: Creating this DB snapshot on a Single-AZ DB instance results in a brief I/O suspension that typically lasting no more than a few minutes. Multi-AZ DB instances are not affected by this I/O suspension since the backup istaken on the standby.

Question196: What is an isolated database environment running in the cloud (Amazon RDS) called?
 A.  DB Instance
 B.  DB Server
 C.  DB Unit
 D.  DB Volume
answers: A.


Question197: While creating the snapshots using the API, which Action should I be using?
 A.  MakeSnapShot
 B.  FreshSnapshot
 C.  DeploySnapshot
 D.  CreateSnapshot
answers: D.
Explanation: http://docs.aws.amazon.com/AWSEC2/latest/CommandLineReference/ApiReference-cmdCreateSnapshot.html

Question198: Using Amazon IAM, can I give permission based on organizational groups?
 A.  Yes but only in certain cases
 B.  No
 C.  Yes always
answers: C.
Explanation: An IAM group is a collection of IAM users. You can use groups to specify permissions for a collection of users, which can make those permissions easier to manage for those users. http://docs.aws.amazon.com/IAM/latest/UserGuide/id.html

Question199: To view information about an Amazon EBS volume, open the Amazon EC2 console at https:// console.aws.amazon.com/ec2/, click ____ in the Navigation pane.
 A.  EBS
 B.  Describe
 C.  Details
 D.  Volumes
answers: D.
Explanation: http://docs.aws.amazon.com/AWSEC2/latest/UserGuide/ebs-describing-volumes.html

Question200: Does Amazon RDS allow direct host access via Telnet, Secure Shell (SSH), or Windows Remote Desktop Connection?
 A.  Yes
 B.  No 
 C.  Depends on if it is in VPC or not
answers: B.
Explanation:

Question201: What is Oracle SQL Developer?
 A.  An AWS developer who is an expert in Amazon RDS using both the Oracle and SQL Server DB engines
 B.  A graphical Java tool distributed without cost by Oracle 
 C.  It is a variant of the SQL Server Management Studio designed by Microsoft to support Oracle DBMS  functionalities
 D.  A different DBMS released by Microsoft free of cost
answers: B.
Explanation: http://www.oracle.com/technetwork/developer-tools/sql-developer/what-is-sqldev-093866.html

Question202: SQL Server ____ store logins and passwords in the master database.
 A.  can be configured to but by default does not
 B.  doesn’t
 C.  does
answers: C.
Explanation: There are two authentications Windows authentication The credentials for which are not stored in SQL Server database and managed by windows/AD. There would be entry for windows authenticated logins in master database with respective SID but password would be with Active directory. SQL Server authentication. For 2nd we have password stored in hash format you can see it from sys.sql_logins. The information aboutSQL server logins are stored in master database and each login has SID receptive to it. Only SA login has same SID no matter what server it is. That is why when you move database by backup restore mechanism users are moved not logins and you finally have to create logins(if already not there) and map it to users. This is generally called as troubleshooting orphaned users

Question203: For each DB Instance class, what is the maximum size of associated storage capacity?
 A.  5GB
 B.  1TB
 C.  6TB 
 D.  500GB
answers: C.
Explanation: “You can now create MySQL, PostgreSQL, and Oracle RDS database instances with up to 6TB of storage and SQL Server RDS database instances with up to 4TB of storage when using the Provisioned IOPS and General Purpose (SSD) storage types. Existing MySQL, PostgreSQL, and Oracle RDS database instances can be scaled to these new database storage limits without any downtime.”

Question204: By default, when an EBS volume is attached to a Windows instance, it may show up as any drive letter on theinstance. You can change the settings of the ____ Service to set the drive letters of the EBS volumes per your specifications.
 A.  EBSConfig Service
 B.  AMIConfig Service
 C.  Ec2Config Service 
 D.  Ec2-AMIConfig Service
answers: C.
Explanation: Ec2Config Service is like sysprep and used specifically for windows instances.. You can change parameters in OS before launching.

Question205: IAM’s Policy Evaluation Logic always starts with a default ____ for every request, except for those that use the AWS account’s root security credentials by default.
 A.  Permit
 B.  Deny 
 C.  Cancel
answers: B.
Explanation: http://docs.aws.amazon.com/IAM/latest/UserGuide/reference_policies_evaluation-logic.html

Question206: While performing the volume status checks, if the status is insufficient-data, what does it mean?
 A.  the checks may still be in progress on the volume
 B.  the check has passed
 C.  the check has failed
answers: A.
Explanation: If the status is insufficient-data, the checks may still be in progress on the volume. You can view the results of volume status checks to identify any impaired volumes and take any necessary actions. http:// docs.aws.amazon.com/AWSEC2/latest/UserGuide/monitoring-volume-status.html#monitoring-volume-checks

Question207: IAM provides several policy templates you can use to automatically assign permissions to the groups you create. The ____ policy template gives the Admins group permission to access all account resources, except your AWS account information
 A.  Read Only Access
 B.  Power User Access 
 C.  AWS Cloud Formation Read Only Access
 D.  Administrator Access
answers: B.
Explanation: AWS managed policies are designed to provide permissions for many common use cases. For example, there are AWS managed policies that define typical permissions for administrators (all access), for power users (all access except IAM), and for other various levels of access to AWS services. AWS managed policies make it easier for you to assign appropriate permissions to users, groups, and roles than if you had to write the policies yourself. http://docs.aws.amazon.com/IAM/latest/UserGuide/access_policies_managed-vs-inline.html

Question208: Provisioned IOPS Costs: you are charged for the IOPS and storage whether or not you use them in a given month.
 A.  FALSE
 B.  TRUE
answers: B.
Explanation: EBS Provisioned IOPS SSD (io1) Volumes Volume storage for EBS Provisioned IOPS SSD (io1) volumes is charged by the amount you provision in GB per month, until you release the storage. With Provisioned IOPS SSD (io1) volumes, you are also charged by the amount you provision in IOPS (input/output operations per second) multiplied by the percentage of days you provision for the month. For example, if you provision a volume with 1000 IOPS, and keep this volume for 15 days in a 30 day month, then in a Region that charges $0.10 per provisioned IOPS-month, you would be charged $50 for the IOPS that you provision ($0.10 per provisioned IOPS-month * 1000 IOPS provisioned * 15 days/30). You will be charged for the IOPS provisioned on a volume even when the volume is detached from an instance. https://aws.amazon.com/ebs/pricing/

Question209: How many types of block devices does Amazon EC2 support?
 A.  2
 B.  3
 C.  4
 D.  1
answers: A.
Explanation: http://docs.aws.amazon.com/AWSEC2/latest/UserGuide/block-device-mapping-concepts.html Amazon EC2 supports two types of block devices: Instance store volumes (virtual devices whose underlying hardware is physically attached to the host computer for the instance) EBS volumes (remote storage devices) A block device mapping defines the block devices (instance store volumes and EBS volumes) to attach to an instance.

Question210: What happens to the data on an instance if the instance reboots (intentionally or unintentionally)?
 A.  Data will be lost
 B.  Data persists 
 C.  Data may persist however cannot be sure
answers: B.
Explanation: Instance Store Lifetime You can specify instance store volumes for an instance only when you launch it. The data in an instance store persists only during the lifetime of its associated instance. If an instance reboots (intentionally or unintentionally), data in the instance store persists. However, data in the instance store is lost under the following circumstances: The underlying disk drive fails The instance stops The instance terminates http://docs.aws.amazon.com/AWSEC2/latest/UserGuide/InstanceStorage.html

Question211: True or False: Manually created DB Snapshots are deleted after the DB Instance is deleted.
 A.  TRUE
 B.  FALSE
answers: B.
Explanation: http://docs.aws.amazon.com/AmazonRDS/latest/UserGuide/USER_DeleteInstance.html If you choose not to create a final DB snapshot, you will not be able to later restore the DB instance to its final state. When you delete a DB instance, all automated backups are deleted and cannot be recovered. Manual DB snapshots of the instance are not deleted.

Question212: What does the following command do with respect to the Amazon EC2 security groups? ec2-revoke RevokeSecurity-Group-Ingress.
 A.  Removes one or more security groups from a rule.
 B.  Removes one or more security groups from an Amazon EC2 instance.
 C.  Removes one or more rules from a security group. 
 D.  Removes a security group from our account.
answers: C.
Explanation: Removes one or more ingress rules from a security group. The values that you specify in the revoke request (for example, ports) must match the existing rule’s values for the rule to be removed. http:// docs.aws.amazon.com/cli/latest/reference/ec2/revoke-security-group-ingress.html

Question213: What is the maximum write throughput I can provision for a single Dynamic DB table?
 A.  1,000 write capacity units
 B.  100,000 write capacity units
 C.  Dynamic DB is designed to scale without limits, but if you go beyond 10,000 you have to contact AWS first. 
 D.  10,000 write capacity units
answers: C.
Explanation: https://aws.amazon.com/dynamodb/faqs/

Question214: How can I change the security group membership for interfaces owned by other AWS, such as Elastic Load Balancing?
 A.  By using the service specific console or API\\CLI commands
 B.  None of these
 C.  Using Amazon EC2 API/CLI
 D.  using all these methods
answers: A.
Explanation: http://docs.aws.amazon.com/ElasticLoadBalancing/latest/DeveloperGuide/elb-security-groups.html

Question215: Fill in the blanks: ____ let you categorize your EC2 resources in different ways, for example, by purpose, owner, or environment.
 A.  wildcards
 B.  pointers
 C.  Tags 
 D.  special filters
answers: C.


Question216: Which of the following cannot be used in Amazon EC2 to control who has access to specific Amazon EC2instances?
 A.  Security Groups
 B.  IAM System 
 C.  SSH keys
 D.  Windows passwords
answers: B.
Explanation: http://blogs.aws.amazon.com/security/post/Tx29HCT3ABL7LP3/Resource-level-Permissions-for-EC2- Controlling- Management-Access-on-Specific-Ins

Question217: Can Amazon S3 uploads resume on failure or do they need to restart?
 A.  Restart from beginning
 B.  You can resume them, if you flag the “resume on failure” option before uploading.
 C.  Resume on failure 
 D.  Depends on the file size
answers: C.


Question218: Is creating a Read Replica of another Read Replica supported?
 A.  Only in VPC
 B.  Yes 
 C.  Only in certain regions
 D.  No
answers: B.


Question219: Out of the stripping options available for the EBS volumes, which one has the following disadvantage: ‘Doubles the amount of I/O required from the instance to EBS compared to RAID 0, because you’re mirroring all writes to a pair of volumes, limiting how much you can stripe.’?
 A.  Raid 0
 B.  RAID 1+0 (RAID 10)
 C.  Raid 1 
 D.  Raid
answers: C.
Explanation: http://docs.aws.amazon.com/AWSEC2/latest/WindowsGuide/raid-config.html raid 0 and 1 are the common types. Raid 5 and 6 are not recommended because of the extended stripe. If you encounter this question on the exam I suspect the answer options will be different. Raid 1 Disadvantage Does not provide a write performance improvement; requires more Amazon EC2 to Amazon EBS bandwidth than non- RAID configurations because the data is written to multiple volumes simultaneously. Raid 0 Disadvantage Performance of the stripe is limited to the worst performing volume in the set. Loss of a single volume results in a complete data loss for the array. Raid 5 and 6 notes RAID 5 and RAID 6 are not recommended for Amazon EBS because the parity write operations of these RAID modes consume some of the IOPS available to your volumes. Depending on the configuration of your RAID array, these RAID modes provide 20-30% fewer usable IOPS than a RAID 0 configuration. Increased cost is a factor with these RAID modes as well; when using identical volume sizes and speeds, a 2-volume RAID 0 array can outperform a 4-volume RAID 6 array that costs twice as much.

Question220: Disabling automated backups ____ disable the point-in-time recovery.
 A.  if configured to can
 B.  will never
 C.  will
answers: C.


Question221: EBS Snapshots occur ____.
 A.  Asynchronously
 B.  Synchronously
 C.  Weekly
answers: A.
Explanation: Snapshots occur asynchronously; the point-in-time snapshot is created immediately, but the status of the snapshot is pending until the snapshot is complete (when all of the modified blocks have been transferred to Amazon S3), which can take several hours for large initial snapshots or subsequent snapshots where many blocks have changed. http://docs.aws.amazon.com/AWSEC2/latest/UserGuide/ebs-creating-snapshot.html

Question222: What does a “Domain” refer to in Amazon SWF?
 A.  A security group in which only tasks inside can communicate with each other
 B.  A special type of worker
 C.  A collection of related Workflows 
 D.  The DNS record for the Amazon SWF service
answers: C.
Explanation: Domains provide a way of scoping Amazon SWF resources within your AWS account. All the components of a workflow, such as the workflow type and activity types, must be specified to be in a domain. It is possible to have more than one workflow in a domain; however, workflows in different domains cannot interact with each other. http://docs.aws.amazon.com/amazonswf/latest/developerguide/swf-dev-domain.html

Question223: What are the two types of licensing options available for using Amazon RDS for Oracle?
 A.  BYOL and Enterprise License
 B.  BYOL and License Included 
 C.  Enterprise License and License Included
 D.  Role based License and License Included
answers: B.
Explanation: https://aws.amazon.com/rds/oracle/

Question224: Typically, you want your application to check whether a request generated an error before you spend any time processing results. The easiest way to find out if an error occurred is to look for an ____ node in the response from the Amazon RDS API.
 A.  Incorrect
 B.  Error 
 C.  FALSE
answers: B.
Explanation: http://docs.aws.amazon.com/AmazonRDS/latest/UserGuide/APITroubleshooting.html

Question225: While creating the snapshots using the command line tools, which command should I be using?
 A.  ec2-deploy-snapshot
 B.  ec2-fresh-snapshot
 C.  ec2-create-snapshot 
 D.  ec2-new-snapshot
answers: C.
Explanation: http://docs.aws.amazon.com/cli/latest/reference/ec2/create-snapshot.html

Question226: Fill in the blanks: The base URI for all requests for instance metadata is ____.
 A.  http://254.169.169.254/latest/
 B.  http://169.169.254.254/latest/
 C.  http://127.0.0.1/latest/
 D.  http://169.254.169.254/latest/
answers: D.
Explanation: http://aws.amazon.com/search?searchQuery=metadata&searchPath=all&x=0&y=0

Question227: How many relational database engines does RDS currently support?
 A.  Three: MySQL, Oracle and Microsoft SQL Server.
 B.  Just two: MySQL and Oracle.
 C.  Six: Amazon Aurora, Oracle, Microsoft SQL Server, PostgreSQL, MySQL and MariaDB. 
 D.  Just one: MySQL.
answers: C.
Explanation: Amazon RDS provides you six familiar database engines to choose from, including Amazon Aurora, Oracle, Microsoft SQL Server, PostgreSQL, MySQL and MariaDB. https://aws.amazon.com/rds/?nc1=h_ls

Question228: What does the AWS Storage Gateway provide?
 A.  It allows to integrate on-premises IT environments with Cloud Storage.
 B.  A direct encrypted connection to Amazon S3.
 C.  It’s a backup solution that provides an on-premises Cloud storage.
 D.  It provides an encrypted SSL endpoint for backups in the Cloud.
answers: A.


Question229: What will be the status of the snapshot until the snapshot is complete.
 A.  running
 B.  working
 C.  progressing
 D.  pending
answers: D.
Explanation: http://docs.aws.amazon.com/AWSEC2/latest/UserGuide/ebs-creating-snapshot.html

Question230: Amazon rds provides a facility to modify the back-up retention policy for automated backups, with a value of 0 indicating for no backup retention. What is the rnaximum retention period allowed in days?
 A.  45
 B.  35 
 C.  15
 D.  10
answers: B.
Explanation:

Question231: Which of the following databases is not supported on Arnazon RDS?
 A.  MSSOL
 B.  MySOL
 C.  Aurora
 D.  DB2
answers: D.
Explanation:

Question232: A company is hosting EC2 instances which focuses on work-loads are on non-production and non-priority batch loads. Also these processes can be interrupted at any time. What is the best pricing model which can be used for EC2 instances in ülis case?
 A.  Reserved Instances
 B.  On-Demand Instances
 C.  Spot Instances 
 D.  Regular Instances
answers: C.
Explanation:

Question233: How can an EBS volume which is currently attached to an EC2 instance in one AZ be migrated to another AZ ?
 A.  Detach the volume and attach to an EC2 instance in another AZ.
 B.  Create a new volume in the other AZ and speciW the current volume as the source.
 C.  Create a snapshot of the volume and then create a volume from the snapshot in the other AZ 
 D.  Create a new volume in the AZ and do a disk copy of contents from one volume to another.
answers: C.
Explanation:

Question234: If a provisioned IOPS volume of 4iGB is created, what are the possible correct values for IOPS for the volume in order for it to be created?
 A.  200
 B.  300
 C.  400
 D.  500
answers: A.
Explanation:

Question235: What is the minimum size of an EBS volume as per AWS?
 A.  2TB
 B.  1GiB 
 C.  1GB
 D.  1Byte
answers: B.


Question236: You have created your own instance that Will serve as a NAT (Network Address Translation) device in a public subnet. You modify the necessary route tables to ensure that the internet bound trafic from the private subnet is allowed. But when you try to connect or create an outbound connection from the private subnet, it still does now work. What steps are required to get this resolved?
 A.  Disabling the Source/Destination Check attribute on the NAT instance.
 B.  Attaching an Elastic IP address to the instance in the private subnet.
 C.  Attaching a second Elastic Network Interface (ENI) to the NAT instance.
 D.  Attaching a second Elastic Network Interface (ENI) to the instance in the private subnet.
answers: A.
Explanation:

Question237: A custorner has a requirement to extend their on-premises data center to AWS. The custorner requires a 50- Mbps dedicated and private connection to their VPC.Which AWS product or feature satisfies this requirernent?
 A.  Arnazon VPC
 B.  Elastic IP Addresses
 C.  AWS Direct Connect 
 D.  Amazon VPC virtual private gateway
answers: C.
Explanation:

Question238: When it comes to API credentials, what is the best practise recommended by AWS?
 A.  Create a role which has the necessary and can be assumed by the EC2 instance.
 B.  Use the API credentials from an EC2 instance.
 C.  Use the API credentials from a bastion host.
 D.  Use the API credentials from a NAT Instance.
answers: A.
Explanation:

Question239: Is an edge location in AWS the same as a region ?
 A.  True
 B.  False
answers: B.
Explanation:

Question240: You have an VPC with a public subnet. Three EC2 instances currently running inside the subnet can successfully communicate with other hosts on the internet. You launch a fourth instance in the same subnet, using the same AMI and security group configuration you used for the others, but find that this instance cannot be accessed from the Internet. What should you do to enable Internet access?
 A.  Deploy a NAT instance into the public subnet.
 B.  Modify the routing table for the public subnet.
 C.  Assign an elastic IP address to the fourth instance. 
 D.  Configure a publicly routable IP address in the host OS of the fourth instance.
answers: C.
Explanation:

Question241: Which of the following is a durable key-value store?
 A.  Amazon Simple Storage Service
 B.  Amazon Simple Workflow Service
 C.  Amazon Simple Queue Service
 D.  Amazon Simple Notification Service
answers: A.
Explanation: http://docs.aws.amazon.com/AmazonS3/latest/dev/UsingObjects.html

Question242: After creating a new AWS account, you use the API to request 40 on-demand EC2 instances in a single AZ. After 20 successful requests, subsequent requests failed. What could be a reason for this issue, and how would you resolve it?
 A.  You encountered a soft limit of 20 instances per region. Submit the limit increase form and retry the failed  requests once approved.
 B.  AWS allows you to provision no more than 20 instances per Availability Zone. Select a different Availability  Zone and retry the failed request.
 C.  You need to use Amazon Virtual Private Cloud (VPC) in order to provision more than 20 instances in a  single Availability Zone. Simply terminate the resources already provisioned and re-launch them all in a  VPC.
 D.  You encountered an API throttling situation and should try the failed requests using an exponential decay  retry algorithm.
answers: A.


Question243: Amazon Glacier is designed for: Choose 2 answers
 A.  Frequently accessed data
 B.  Active database storage
 C.  Data archives 
 D.  Infrequently accessed data 
 E.  Cached session data
answers: C. 
 D.


Question244: You have an application running in us-west-2 that requires six EC2 instances running at all times. With three AZs available in that region (us-west-2a, us-west-2b, and us-west-2c), which of the following deployments provides 100 percent fault tolerance if any single AZ in us-west-2 becomes unavailable? Choose 2 answers
 A.  Us-west-2a with two EC2 instances, us-west-2b with two EC2 instances, and us-west-2c with two EC2  instances
 B.  Us-west-2a with three EC2 instances, us-west-2b with three EC2 instances, and us-west-2c with no EC2  instances
 C.  Us-west-2a with four EC2 instances, us-west-2b with two EC2 instances, and us-west-2c with two EC2  instances
 D.  Us-west-2a with six EC2 instances, us-west-2b with six EC2 instances, and us-west-2c with no EC2  instances 
 E.  Us-west-2a with three EC2 instances, us-west-2b with three EC2 instances, and us-west-2c with three EC2  instances
answers: D. 
 E.


Question245: What action is required to establish a VPC VPN connection between an on-premises data center and an Amazon VPC virtual private gateway?
 A.  Modify the main route table to allow traffic to a network address translation instance.
 B.  Use a dedicated network address translation instance in the public subnet.
 C.  Assign a static Internet-routable IP address to an Amazon VPC customer gateway. 
 D.  Establish a dedicated networking connection using AWS Direct Connect.
answers: C.


Question246: How can software determine the public and private IP addresses of the EC2 instance that it is running on?
 A.  Query the local instance metadata.
 B.  Query the local instance userdata.
 C.  Query the appropriate Amazon CloudWatch metric.
 D.  Use an ipconfig or ifconfig command.
answers: A.


Question247: A startup company hired you to help them build a mobile application, that will ultimately store billions of images and videos in S3. The company is lean on funding, and wants to minimize operational costs, however, they have an aggressive marketing plan, and expect to double their current installation base every six months. Due to the nature of their business, they are expecting sudden and large increases in traffic to and from S3, and need to ensure that it can handle the performance needs of their application. What other information must you gather from this customer in order to determine whether S3 is the right option?
 A.  You must know how many customers the company has today, because this is critical in understanding what  their customer base will be in two years.
 B.  You must find out the total number of requests per second at peak usage. 
 C.  You must know the size of the individual objects being written to S3, in order to properly design the key  namespace.
 D.  In order to build the key namespace correctly, you must understand the total amount of storage needs for  each S3 bucket.
answers: B.


Question248: You have an EC2 security group with several running EC2 instances. You change the security group rules to allow inbound traffic on a new port and protocol, and launch several new instances in the same security group. The new rules apply:
 A.  Immediately to all instances in the security group.
 B.  Immediately to the new instances only.
 C.  Immediately to the new instances, but old instances must be stopped and restarted before the new rules  apply.
 D.  To all instances, but it may take several minutes for old instances to see the changes.
answers: A.
Explanation:

Question249: A VPC public subnet is one that:
 A.  Has at least one route in its associated routing table that uses an Internet Gateway (IGW).
 B.  Includes a route in its associated routing table via a Network Address Translation (NAT) instance.
 C.  Has a Network Access Control List (NACL) permitting outbound traffic to 0.0.0.0/0.
 D.  Has the Public Subnet option selected in its configuration.
answers: A.
Explanation:

Question250: In reviewing the Auto Scaling events for your application you notice that your application is scaling up and down multiple times in the same hour. What design choice could you make to optimize for cost while preserving elasticity? Choose 2 answers
 A.  Modify the Auto Scaling policy to use scheduled scaling actions
 B.  Modify the Auto Scaling group termination policy to terminate the oldest instance first.
 C.  Modify the Auto Scaling group cool-down timers. 
 D.  Modify the Amazon CloudWatch alarm period that triggers your Auto Scaling scale down policy. 
 E.  Modify the Auto Scaling group termination policy to terminate the newest instance first.
answers: C. 
 D.


Question251: What combination of the following options will protect S3 objects from both accidental deletion and accidental overwriting? Choose 2 answers
 A.  Enable S3 versioning on the bucket.
 B.  Access S3 data using only signed URLs.
 C.  Disable S3 delete using an IAM bucket policy.
 D.  Enable S3 Reduced Redundancy Storage. 
 E.  Enable multi-factor authentication (MFA) protected access.
answers: A. D.


Question252: You have been tasked with creating a VPC network topology for your company. The VPC network must support both Internet-facing applications and internally-facing applications accessed only over VPN. Both Internet-facing and internally-facing applications must be able to leverage at least three AZs for high availability. At a minimum, how many subnets must you create within your VPC to accommodate these requirements?
 A.  2
 B.  3
 C.  4
 D.  6
answers: D.


Question253: You receive a Spot Instance at a bid of $0.05/hr. After 30 minutes, the Spot Price increases to $0.06/hr and your Spot Instance is terminated by AWS. What was the total EC2 compute cost of running your Spot Instance?
 A.  $0.00
 B.  $0.02
 C.  $0.03
 D.  $0.05
 E.  $0.06
answers: A.


Question254: Which of the following requires a custom CloudWatch metric to monitor?
 A.  Memory use
 B.  CPU use
 C.  Disk read operations
 D.  Network in
 E.  Estimated charges
answers: A.


Question255: You are developing a highly available web application using stateless web servers. Which services are suitable for storing session state data? Choose 3 answers
 A.  Amazon CloudWatch
 B.  Amazon Relational Database Service (RDS) 
 C.  Elastic Load Balancing
 D.  Amazon ElastiCache 
 E.  AWS Storage Gateway
 F.  Amazon DynamoDB
answers: B. 
 D. 
 F.


Question256: You have a business-critical two-tier web app currently deployed in two AZs in a single region, using Elastic Load Balancing and Auto Scaling. The app depends on synchronous replication (very low latency connectivity) at the database layer. The application needs to remain fully available even if one application AZ goes off-line, and Auto Scaling cannot launch new instances in the remaining Availability Zones. How can the current architecture be enhanced to ensure this?
 A.  Deploy in two regions using Weighted Round Robin (WRR), with Auto Scaling minimums set for 50 percent  peak load per Region.
 B.  Deploy in two regions using Weighted Round Robin (WRR), with Auto Scaling minimums set for 100  percent peak load per region.
 C.  Deploy in three Availability Zones, with Auto Scaling minimum set to handle 50 percent peak load per zone. 
 D.  Deploy in three Availability Zones, with Auto Scaling minimum set to handle 33 percent peak load per zone.
answers: C.


Question257: You are deploying an application on EC2 that must call AWS APIs. What method of securely passing credentials to the application should you use?
 A.  Use AWS Identity and Access Management roles for EC2 instances.
 B.  Pass API credentials to the instance using instance userdata.
 C.  Embed the API credentials into your JAR files.
 D.  Store API credentials as an object in Amazon Simple Storage Service.
answers: A.
Explanation:

Question258: Which route must be added to your routing table in order to allow connections to the Internet from your subnet?
 A.  Destination: 0.0.0.0/0 –> Target: your Internet gateway
 B.  Destination: 192.168.1.257/0 –> Target: your Internet gateway
 C.  Destination: 0.0.0.0/33 –> Target: your virtual private gateway
 D.  Destination: 0.0.0.0/0 –> Target: 0.0.0.0/24
 E.  Destination: 10.0.0.0/32 –> Target: your virtual private gateway
answers: A.


Question259: A customer’s nightly EMR job processes a single 2-TB data file stored on Amazon Simple Storage Service (S3). The EMR job runs on two On-Demand core nodes and three On-Demand task nodes. Which of the following may help reduce the EMR job completion time? Choose 2 answers
 A.  Use three Spot Instances rather than three On-Demand instances for the task nodes.
 B.  Change the input split size in the MapReduce job configuration. 
 C.  Use a bootstrap action to present the S3 bucket as a local filesystem.
 D.  Launch the core nodes and task nodes within an Amazon Virtual Cloud.
 E.  Adjust the number of simultaneous mapper tasks. 
 F.  Enable termination protection for the job flow.
answers: B. 
 E.


Question260: Which is an operational process performed by AWS for data security?
 A.  AES-256 encryption of data stored on any shared storage device
 B.  Decommissioning of storage devices using industry-standard practices 
 C.  Background virus scans of EBS volumes and EBS snapshots
 D.  Replication of data across multiple AWS Regions
 E.  Secure wiping of EBS data when an EBS volume is unmounted
answers: B.
Explanation:

Question261: To protect S3 data from both accidental deletion and accidental overwriting, you should:
 A.  enable S3 versioning on the bucket
 B.  access S3 data using only signed URLs
 C.  disable S3 delete using an IAM bucket policy
 D.  enable S3 Reduced Redundancy Storage
 E.  enable Multi-Factor Authentication (MFA) protected access
answers: A.


Question262: Amazon Glacier is designed for: (Choose 2 answers)
 A.  active database storage.
 B.  infrequently accessed data. 
 C.  data archives. 
 D.  frequently accessed data.
 E.  cached session data.
answers: B. 
 C.
Explanation:

Question263: Your web application front end consists of multiple EC2 instances behind an Elastic Load Balancer. You configured ELB to perform health checks on these EC2 instances. If an instance fails to pass health checks, which statement will be true?
 A.  The instance is replaced automatically by the ELB.
 B.  The instance gets terminated automatically by the ELB.
 C.  The ELB stops sending traffic to the instance that failed its health check. 
 D.  The instance gets quarantined by the ELB for root cause analysis.
answers: C.


Question264: You are building a system to distribute confidential training videos to employees. Using CloudFront, what method could be used to serve content that is stored in S3, but not publicly accessible from S3 directly?
 A.  Create an Origin Access Identity (OAI) for CloudFront and grant access to the objects in your S3 bucket to  that OAI.
 B.  Add the CloudFront account security group “amazon-cf/amazon-cf-sg” to the appropriate S3 bucket policy.
 C.  Create an Identity and Access Management (IAM) User for CloudFront and grant access to the objects in  your S3 bucket to that IAM User.
 D.  Create a S3 bucket policy that lists the CloudFront distribution ID as the Principal and the target bucket as  the Amazon Resource Name (ARN).
answers: A.


Question265: Which of the following will occur when an EC2 instance in a VPC with an associated Elastic IP is stopped and started? (Choose 2 answers)
 A.  The Elastic IP will be dissociated from the instance
 B.  All data on instance-store devices will be lost 
 C.  All data on EBS (Elastic Block Store) devices will be lost
 D.  The ENI (Elastic Network Interface) is detached
 E.  The underlying host for the instance is changed
answers: B. 
 E.


Question266: In the basic monitoring package for EC2, Amazon CloudWatch provides the following metrics:
 A.  web server visible metrics such as number failed transaction requests
 B.  operating system visible metrics such as memory utilization
 C.  database visible metrics such as number of connections
 D.  hypervisor visible metrics such as CPU utilization
answers: D.


Question267: All Amazon EC2 instances are assigned two IP addresses at launch. Which one can only be reached from within the Amazon EC2 network?
 A.  Multiple IP address
 B.  Public IP address
 C.  Private IP address 
 D.  Elastic IP Address
answers: C.


Question268: What does Amazon SWF stand for?
 A.  Simple Web Flow
 B.  Simple Work Flow 
 C.  Simple Wireless Forms
 D.  Simple Web Form
answers: B.


Question269: What is the Reduced Redundancy option in Amazon S3?
 A.  Less redundancy for a lower cost.
 B.  It doesn’t exist in Amazon S3, but in Amazon EBS.
 C.  It allows you to destroy any copy of your files outside a specific jurisdiction.
 D.  It doesn’t exist at all
answers: A.


Question270: Fill in the blanks: Resources that are created in AWS are identified by a unique identifier called an _____.
 A.  Amazon Resource Number
 B.  Amazon Resource Name tag
 C.  Amazon Resource Name 
 D.  Amazon Reesource Namespace
answers: C.


Question271: What does the command ‘ec2-run-instances ami-e3a5408a -n 20 -g appserver’ do?
 A.  Start twenty instances as members of appserver group.
 B.  Creates 20 rules in the security group named appserver
 C.  Terminate twenty instances as members of appserver group.
 D.  Start 20 security groups
answers: A.


Question272: While creating an Amazon RDS DB, your first task is to set up a DB ______ that controls what IP addresses or EC2 instances have access to your DB Instance.
 A.  Security Pool
 B.  Secure Zone
 C.  Security Token Pool
 D.  Security Group
answers: D.


Question273: When you run a DB Instance as a Multi-AZ deployment, the _____ serves database writes and reads
 A.  secondary
 B.  backup
 C.  stand by
 D.  primary
answers: D.


Question274: Amazon SWF is designed to help users do what?
 A.  Design graphical user interface interactions
 B.  Manage user identification and authorization
 C.  Store Web content
 D.  Coordinate synchronous and asynchronous tasks which are distributed and fault tolerant.
answers: D.


Question275: What does Amazon EC2 provide?
 A.  Virtual servers in the Cloud.
 B.  A platform to run code (Java, PHP, Python), paying on an hourly basis.
 C.  Computer Clusters in the Cloud.
 D.  Physical servers, remotely managed by the customer.
answers: A.


Question276: Can I control if and when MySQL based RDS Instance is upgraded to new supported versions?
 A.  No
 B.  Only in VPC
 C.  Yes
answers: C.


Question277: If I modify a DB Instance or the DB parameter group associated with the instance, should I reboot the instance for the changes to take effect?
 A.  No
 B.  Yes
answers: B.


Question278: When you view the block device mapping for your instance, you can see only the EBS volumes, not the instance store volumes.
 A.  Depends on the instance type
 B.  FALSE
 C.  Depends on whether you use API call
 D.  TRUE
answers: D.


Question279: By default, EBS volumes that are created and attached to an instance at launch are deleted when that instance is terminated. You can modify this behavior by changing the value of the flag _____ to false when you launch the instance.
 A.  DeleteOnTermination
 B.  RemoveOnDeletion
 C.  RemoveOnTermination
 D.  TerminateOnDeletion
answers: A.


Question280: What are the initial settings of an user created security group?
 A.  Allow all inbound traffic and Allow no outbound traffic
 B.  Allow no inbound traffic and Allow no outbound traffic
 C.  Allow no inbound traffic and Allow all outbound traffic 
 D.  Allow all inbound traffic and Allow all outbound traffic
answers: C.


Question281: Will my standby RDS instance be in the same Region as my primary?
 A.  Only for Oracle RDS types
 B.  Yes 
 C.  Only if configured at launch
 D.  No
answers: B.
Explanation:

Question282: What does Amazon Elastic Beanstalk provide?
 A.  A scalable storage appliance on top of Amazon Web Services.
 B.  An application container on top of Amazon Web Services. 
 C.  A service by this name doesn’t exist.
 D.  A scalable cluster of EC2 instances.
answers: B.


Question283: When using IAM to control access to your RDS resources, the key names that can be used are case sensitive. For example, aws:CurrentTime is NOT equivalent to AWS:currenttime.
 A.  TRUE
 B.  FALSE
answers: B.
Explanation:

Question284: Can an EBS volume be attached to more than one EC2 instance at the same time?
 A.  No
 B.  Yes.
 C.  Only EC2-optimized EBS volumes.
 D.  Only in read mode.
answers: A.


Question285: Automated backups are enabled by default for a new DB Instance.
 A.  TRUE
 B.  FALSE
answers: A.


Question286: What does the AWS Storage Gateway provide?
 A.  Integration of on-premises IT environments with Cloud Storage.
 B.  A direct encrypted connection to Amazon S3.
 C.  A backup solution that provides an on-premises Cloud storage.
 D.  It provides an encrypted SSL endpoint for backups in the Cloud.
answers: A.


Question287: Typically, you want your application to check whether a request generated an error before you spend any time processing results. The easiest way to find out if an error occurred is to look for an ______ node in the response from the Amazon RDS API.
 A.  Incorrect
 B.  Error 
 C.  FALSE
answers: B.


Question288: What are the two permission types used by AWS?
 A.  Resource-based and Product-based
 B.  Product-based and Service-based
 C.  Service-based
 D.  User-based and Resource-based
answers: D.


Question289: Amazon RDS DB snapshots and automated backups are stored in
 A.  Amazon S3
 B.  Amazon EBS Volume
 C.  Amazon RDS
 D.  Amazon EMR
answers: A.


Question290: Security Groups can’t _____.
 A.  be nested more than 3 levels
 B.  be nested at all 
 C.  be nested more than 4 levels
 D.  be nested more than 2 levels
answers: B.


Question291: You must increase storage size in increments of at least _____ %
 A.  40
 B.  20
 C.  50
 D.  10
answers: D.


Question292: Changes to the backup window take effect ______.
 A.  from the next billing cycle
 B.  after 30 minutes
 C.  immediately 
 D.  after 24 hours
answers: C.


Question293: Using Amazon CloudWatch’s Free Tier, what is the frequency of metric updates which you receive?
 A.  5 minutes
 B.  500 milliseconds.
 C.  30 seconds
 D.  1 minute
answers: A.


Question294: Which is the default region in AWS?
 A.  eu-west-1
 B.  us-east-1 
 C.  us-east-2
 D.  ap-southeast-1
answers: B.


Question295: What does the ec2-revoke command do with respect to the Amazon EC2 security groups?
 A.  Removes one or more security groups from a rule.
 B.  Removes one or more security groups from an Amazon EC2 instance.
 C.  Removes one or more rules from a security group. 
 D.  Removes a security group from an account.
answers: C.


Question296: Can a ‘user’ be associated with multiple AWS accounts?
 A.  No
 B.  Yes
answers: A.


Question297: Is Federated Storage Engine currently supported by Amazon RDS for MySQL?
 A.  Only for Oracle RDS instances
 B.  No 
 C.  Yes
 D.  Only in VPC
answers: B.


Question298: What is the maximum groups an IAM user be a member of?
 A.  20
 B.  5
 C.  10 
 D.  15
answers: C.


Question299: True or False: When you perform a restore operation to a point in time or from a DB Snapshot, a new DB Instance is created with a new endpoint.
 A.  FALSE
 B.  TRUE
answers: B.


Question300: A/An _____ acts as a firewall that controls the traffic allowed to reach one or more instances.
 A.  security group
 B.  ACL
 C.  IAM
 D.  Private IP Addresses
answers: A.


Question301: While launching an RDS DB instance, on which page I can select the Availability Zone?
 A.  Review
 B.  DB Instance Details
 C.  Management Options
 D.  Additional Configuration
answers: D.


Question302: What does the ec2-create-group command do with respect to the Amazon EC2 security groups?
 A.  Groups the user created security groups in to a new group for easy access.
 B.  Creates a new security group for use with your account. 
 C.  Creates a new group inside the security group.
 D.  Creates a new rule inside the security group.
answers: B.


Question303: In the Launch Db Instance Wizard, where can I select the backup and maintenance options?
 A.  DB Instance Details
 B.  Review
 C.  Management Options 
 D.  Engine Selection
answers: C.


Question304: You are charged for the IOPS and storage whether or not you use them in a given month?
 A.  FALSE
 B.  TRUE
answers: B.
Explanation:  Volume storage for EBS Provisioned IOPS SSD (io1) volumes is charged by the amount you provision in GB per month, until you release the storage. With Provisioned IOPS SSD (io1) volumes, you are also charged by the amount you provision in IOPS (input/output operations per second) multiplied by the percentage of days you provision for the month. For example, if you provision a volume with 1000 IOPS, and keep this volume for 15 days in a 30 day month, then in a Region that charges $0.10 per provisioned IOPSmonth, you would be charged $50 for the IOPS that you provision ($0.10 per provisioned IOPS-month * 1000 IOPS provisioned * 15 days/30). You will be charged for the IOPS provisioned on a volume even when the volume is detached from an instance.

Question305: While performing volume status checks using volume status checks, if the status is insufficient-data, what does it mean?
 A.  checks may still be in progress on the volume
 B.  check has passed
 C.  check has failed
 D.  there is no such status
answers: A.
Explanation:

Question306: SQL Server stores logins and passwords in the master database.
 A.  True
 B.  False
answers: A.
Explanation:

Question307: Using Amazon IAM, I can give permissions based on organizational groups?
 A.  True
 B.  False
answers: A.


Question308: While creating an EC2 snapshot using the API, which Action should I be using?
 A.  MakeSnapShot
 B.  FreshSnapshot
 C.  DeploySnapshot
 D.  CreateSnapshot
answers: D.


Question309: While signing in REST/ Query requests, for additional security, you should transmit your requests using Secure Sockets Layer (SSL) by using _____.
 A.  HTTP
 B.  Internet Protocol Security(IPsec)
 C.  TLS (Transport Layer Security)
 D.  HTTPS
answers: D.


Question310: In the ‘Detailed’ monitoring data available for your Amazon EBS volumes, Provisioned IOPS volumes automatically send _____ minute metrics to Amazon CloudWatch.
 A.  3
 B.  1 
 C.  5
 D.  2
answers: B.


Question311: Reserved Instances are available for Multi-AZ Deployments.
 A.  True
 B.  False
answers: A.


Question312: Which service enables AWS customers to manage users and permissions in AWS?
 A.  AWS Access Control Service (ACS)
 B.  AWS Identity and Access Management (IAM) 
 C.  AWS Identity Manager (AIM)
 D.  AWS Security Groups
answers: B.


Question313: Which Amazon Storage behaves like raw, unformatted, external block devices that you can attach to your instances?
 A.  None of these.
 B.  Amazon Instance Storage
 C.  Amazon EBS 
 D.  All of these
answers: C.
Explanation: An EBS volume behaves like a raw, unformatted, external block device that you can attach to a single instance. The volume persists independently from the running life of an instance.

Question314: In regards to IAM you can edit user properties later, but you cannot use the console to change the _____.
 A.  user name
 B.  password
 C.  default group
answers: A.


Question315: If you add a tag that has the same key as an existing tag on a DB Instance, the new value overwrites the old value.
 A.  FALSE
 B.  TRUE
answers: B.


Question316: Can I encrypt connections between my application and my DB Instance using SSL?
 A.  No
 B.  Yes 
 C.  Only in VPC
 D.  Only in certain regions
answers: B.


Question317: What can I access by visiting the URL: http://status.aws.amazon.com/ ?
 A.  Amazon Cloud Watch
 B.  Status of the Amazon RDS DB
 C.  AWS Service Health Dashboard 
 D.  AWS Cloud Monitor
answers: C.


Question318: Through which of the following interfaces is AWS Identity and Access Management available?
 A.  AWS Management Console
 B.  Command line interface (CLI)
 C.  IAM Query API
 D.  All of the above
answers: D.


Question319: What happens when you create a topic on Amazon SNS?
 A.  The topic is created, and it has the name you specified for it.
 B.  An ARN (Amazon Resource Name) is created. 
 C.  You can create a topic on Amazon SQS, not on Amazon SNS.
 D.  This question doesn’t make sense.
answers: B.


Question320: New database versions will automatically be applied to AWS RDS instances as they become available.
 A.  True
 B.  False
answers: B.


Question321: The _____ service is targeted at organizations with multiple users or systems that use AWS products such as Amazon EC2, Amazon SimpleDB, and the AWS Management Console.
 A.  Amazon RDS
 B.  AWS Integrity Management
 C.  AWS Identity and Access Management 
 D.  Amazon EMR
answers: C.


Question322: Without IAM, you cannot control the tasks a particular user or system can do and what AWS resources they might use.
 A.  FALSE
 B.  TRUE
answers: B.


Question323: Is there a limit to how many groups a user can be in?
 A.  Yes for all users except root
 B.  Yes unless special permission granted
 C.  Yes for all users 
 D.  No
answers: C.


Question324: What does Amazon ElastiCache provide?
 A.  A service by this name doesn’t exist. Perhaps you mean Amazon CloudCache.
 B.  A virtual server with a huge amount of memory.
 C.  A managed In-memory cache service. 
 D.  An Amazon EC2 instance with the Memcached software already pre-installed.
answers: C.


Question325: What is the default per account limit of Elastic IPs?
 A.  1
 B.  3
 C.  5 
 D.  0
answers: C.


Question326: What is a Security Group?
 A.  None of these.
 B.  A list of users that can access Amazon EC2 instances.
 C.  An Access Control List (ACL) for AWS resources.
 D.  It acts as a virtual firewall that controls the traffic for one or more instances.
answers: D.


Question327: What is Amazon Glacier?
 A.  It’s a security tool that allows to “freeze” an EC2 instance and perform computer forensics on it.
 B.  A security tool that allows to “freeze” an EBS volume and perform computer forensics on it.
 C.  A low-cost storage service that provides secure and durable storage for data archiving and backup. 
 D.  You mean Amazon “Iceberg”: it’s a low-cost storage service.
answers: C.


Question328: After an EC2-VPC instance is launched, can I change the VPC security groups it belongs to?
 A.  Only if the tag “VPC_Change_Group” is true
 B.  Yes 
 C.  No
 D.  Only if the tag “VPC Change Group” is true
answers: B.
Explanation: Security groups are associated with network interfaces. After you launch an instance, you can change the security groups associated with the instance, which changes the security groups associated with the primary network interface (eth0). You can also change the security groups associated with any other network interface. For more information about network interfaces, see Elastic Network Interfaces.

Question329: A______ is an individual, system, or application that interacts with AWS programmatically.
 A.  User
 B.  AWS Account
 C.  Group
 D.  Role
answers: A.
Explanation: A user can be an individual, system, or application requiring access to AWS services. IAM supports users (referred to as “IAM users”) managed in AWS’s identity management system, and it also enables you to grant access to AWS resources for users managed outside of AWS in your corporate directory (referred to as “federated users”).

Question330: Select the correct statement:
 A.  You don’t need not specify the resource identifier while stopping a resource
 B.  You can terminate, stop, or delete a resource based solely on its tags
 C.  You can’t terminate, stop, or delete a resource based solely on its tags 
 D.  You don’t need to specify the resource identifier while terminating a resource
answers: C.
Explanation: You can’t terminate, stop, or delete a resource based solely on its tags. you must specify the resource identifier. For example, to delete snapshots that you tagged with a tag key called DeleteMe, you must use the DeleteSnapshots action with the resource identifiers of the snapshots, such as snap-1234567890abcdef0. To identify resources by their tags, you can use the DescribeTags action to list all of your tags and their associated resources. You can also filter by resource type or tag keys and values. You can’t call DeleteSnapshots with a filter that specified the tag. For more information about using filters when listing your resources, see Listing and Filtering Your Resources

Question331: Which AWS instance address has the following characteristics? “If you stop an instance, its Elastic IP address is unmapped, and you must remap it when you restart the instance.”
 A.  None of these
 B.  EC2-VPC Addresses
 C.  EC2-Classic Addresses 
 D.  Both
answers: C.


Question332: Multi-AZ deployment is supported for Microsoft SQL Server DB Instances.
 A.  True
 B.  False
answers: A.


Question333: Security groups act like a firewall at the instance level, whereas _____ are an additional layer of security that act at the subnet level.
 A.  DB Security Groups
 B.  VPC Security Groups
 C.  Network ACLs
answers: C.


Question334: You can use _____ and _____ to help secure the instances in your VPC.
 A.  security groups and multi-factor authentication
 B.  security groups and 2-Factor authentication
 C.  security groups and biometric authentication
 D.  security groups and network ACLs
answers: D.


Question335: _____ is a durable, block-level storage volume that you can attach to a single, running Amazon EC2 instance.
 A.  Amazon S3
 B.  Amazon EBS 
 C.  Amazon EFS
 D.  All of these
answers: B.


Question336: What does ec2-create-group do with respect to the Amazon EC2 security groups?
 A.  Creates a new rule inside the security group.
 B.  Creates a new security group for use with your account. 
 C.  Creates a new group inside the security group.
 D.  Groups the user created security groups in to a new group for easy access.
answers: B.


Question337: What does Amazon ELB stand for?
 A.  Elastic Linux Box
 B.  Encrypted Linux Box
 C.  Encrypted Load Balancing
 D.  Elastic Load Balancer
answers: D.


Question338: What is the default VPC security group limit?
 A.  500
 B.  50
 C.  5
 D.  There is no limit
answers: A.
Explanation:

Question339: Is there any way to own a direct connection to Amazon Web Services?
 A.  You can create an encrypted tunnel to VPC, but you don’t own the connection.
 B.  Yes, it’s called Amazon Dedicated Connection.
 C.  No, AWS only allows access from the public Internet.
 D.  Yes, it’s called Direct Connect
answers: D.


Question340: Does DynamoDB support in-place atomic updates?
 A.  It is not defined
 B.  No
 C.  Yes 
 D.  It does support in-place non-atomic updates
answers: C.
Explanation:

Question341: Is there a method or command in the IAM system to allow or deny access to a specific instance?
 A.  Only for VPC based instances
 B.  Yes 
 C.  No
answers: B.
Explanation: http://docs.aws.amazon.com/IAM/latest/UserGuide/reference_policies_evaluation-logic.html#policy-evaldenyallow – By default, all requests are denied. (In general, requests made using the account credentials for resources in the account are always allowed.) – An explicit allow overrides this default. – An explicit deny overrides any allows.

Question342: Can I attach more than one policy to a particular entity?
 A.  Yes always
 B.  Only if within GovCloud
 C.  No
 D.  Only if within VPC
answers: A.


Question343: A _____ is a storage device that moves data in sequences of bytes or bits (blocks). Hint: These devices support random access and generally use buffered I/O.
 A.  block map
 B.  storage block
 C.  mapping device
 D.  block device
answers: D.
Explanation:

Question344: A _____ is the concept of allowing (or disallowing) an entity such as a user, group, or role some type of access to one or more resources.
 A.  user
 B.  AWS Account
 C.  resource
 D.  permission
answers: D.


Question345: After an Amazon EC2-VPC instance is launched, can I change the VPC security groups it belongs to?
 A.  No
 B.  Yes 
 C.  Only if you are the root user
 D.  Only if the tag “VPC_Change_Group” is true
answers: B.


Question346: Will I be charged if the DB instance is idle?
 A.  No
 B.  Yes 
 C.  Only is running in GovCloud
 D.  Only if running in VPC
answers: B.


Question347: Can I move a Reserved Instance from one Region to another?
 A.  No
 B.  Yes
 C.  Only if they are moving into GovCloud
 D.  Only if they are moving to US East from another region
answers: A.


Question348: When you add a rule to a DB security group, you do not need to specify port number or protocol.
 A.  Depends on the RDMS used
 B.  TRUE 
 C.  FALSE
answers: B.
Explanation:

Question349: Without _____, you must either create multiple AWS accounts, each with its own billing and subscriptions, or your employees must share the security credentials of a single AWS account.
 A.  Amazon RDS
 B.  Amazon Glacier
 C.  Amazon EMR
 D.  Amazon IAM
answers: D.


Question350: _____ embodies the “share-nothing” architecture and essentially involves breaking a large database into several smaller databases.
 A.  Sharding
 B.  Failure recovery
 C.  Federation
 D.  DDL operations
answers: A.
Explanation:

Question351: The SQL Server _____ feature is an efficient means of copying data from a source database to your DB Instance. It writes the data that you specify to a data file, such as an ASCII file.
 A.  bulk copy
 B.  group copy
 C.  dual copy
 D.  mass copy
answers: A.
Explanation:

Question352: In Amazon CloudWatch, which metric should I be checking to ensure that your DB Instance has enough free storage space?
 A.  FreeStorage
 B.  FreeStorageVolume
 C.  FreeStorageSpace 
 D.  FreeStorageAllocation
answers: C.


Question353: A _____ is a document that provides a formal statement of one or more permissions.
 A.  policy
 B.  permission
 C.  Role
 D.  resource
answers: A.


Question354: A Provisioned IOPS SSD volume must be at least _____ GB in size.
 A.  1
 B.  6
 C.  20
 D.  4
answers: D.


Question355: Will I be alerted when automatic failover occurs?
 A.  Only if SNS configured
 B.  No
 C.  Yes
 D.  Only if Cloudwatch configured
answers: A.


Question356: You are a solutions architect working for a company that specializes in ingesting large data feeds (using Kinesis) and then analyzing these feeds using Elastic Map Reduce (EMR). The results are then stored on a custom MySQL database which is hosted on an EC2 instance which has 3 volumes, the root/boot volume, and then 2 additional volumes which are striped in to a RAID 1. Your company recently had an outage and lost some key data and have since decided that they will need to run nightly back ups. Your application is only used during office hours, so you can afford to have some down time in the middle of the night if required. You decide to take a snapshot of all three volumes every 24 hours. In what manner should you do this?
 A.  Take a snapshot of each volume independently, while the EC2 instance is running.
 B.  Stop the EC2 instance and take a snapshot of each EC2 instance independently. Once the snapshots are  complete, start the EC2 instance and ensure that all relevant volumes are remounted. 
 C.  Add two additional volumes to the existing RAID 0 volume and mirror these volumes creating a RAID 10.  Take a snap of only the two new volumes.
 D.  Create a read replica of the existing EC2 instance and then take your snapshots from the read replica and  not the live EC2 instance.
answers: B.


Question357: What are the valid methodologies for encrypting data on S3?
 A.  Server Side Encryption (SSE)-S3, SSE-C, SSE-KMS or a client library such as Amazon S3 Encryption  Client.
 B.  Server Side Encryption (SSE)-S3, SSE-A, SSE-KMS or a client library such as Amazon S3 Encryption  Client.
 C.  Server Side Encryption (SSE)-S3, SSE-C, SSE-SSL or a client library such as Amazon S3 Encryption  Client.
 D.  Server Side Encryption (SSE)-S3, SSE-C, SSE-SSL or a server library such as Amazon S3 Encryption  Client.
answers: A.


Question358: In Identity and Access Management, when you first create a new user, certain security credentials are automatically generated. Which of the below are valid security credentials?
 A.  Access Key ID, Authorized Key
 B.  Private Key, Secret Access Key
 C.  Private Key, Authorized Key
 D.  Access Key ID, Secret Access Key
answers: D.


Question359: Amazon Web Services offer 3 different levels of support, which of the below are valid support levels.
 A.  Corporate, Business, Developer
 B.  Enterprise, Business, Developer 
 C.  Enterprise, Business, Free Tier
 D.  Enterprise, Company, Free Tier
answers: B.


Question360: You are a solutions architect working for a large digital media company. Your company is migrating their production estate to AWS and you are in the process of setting up access to the AWS console using Identity Access Management (IAM). You have created 5 users for your system administrators. What further steps do you need to take to enable your system administrators to get access to the AWS console?
 A.  Generate an Access Key ID & Secret Access Key, and give these to your system administrators.
 B.  Enable multi-factor authentication on their accounts and define a password policy.
 C.  Generate a password for each user created and give these passwords to your system administrators. 
 D.  Give the system administrators the secret access key and access key id, and tell them to use these  credentials to log in to the AWS console.
answers: C.


Question361: Amazon S3 buckets in all Regions provide which of the following?
 A.  Read-after-write consistency for PUTS of new objects AND Strongly consistent for POST & DELETES
 B.  Read-after-write consistency for POST of new objects AND Eventually consistent for overwrite PUTS &  DELETES
 C.  Read-after-write consistency for PUTS of new objects AND Eventually consistent for overwrite PUTS &  DELETES 
 D.  Read-after-write consistency for POST of new objects AND Strongly consistent for POST & DELETES
answers: C.
Explanation:

Question362: What function of an AWS VPC is stateless?
 A.  Security Groups
 B.  Elastic Load Balancers
 C.  Network Access Control Lists 
 D.  EC2
answers: C.


Question363: Which of the following services allows you root access (i.e. you can login using SSH)?
 A.  Elastic Load Balancer
 B.  Elastic Map Reduce 
 C.  Elasticache
 D.  RDS
answers: B.
Explanation:

Question364: When trying to grant an amazon account access to S3 using access control lists what method of identification should you use to identify that account with?
 A.  The email address of the account or the canonical user ID
 B.  The AWS account number
 C.  The ARN
 D.  An email address with a 2FA token Submit
answers: A.


Question365: You are a solutions architect working for a large oil and gas company. Your company runs their production environment on AWS and has a custom VPC. The VPC contains 3 subnets, 1 of which is public and the other 2 are private. Inside the public subnet is a fleet of EC2 instances which are the result of an autoscaling group. All EC2 instances are in the same security group. Your company has created a new custom application which connects to mobile devices using a custom port. This application has been rolled out to production and you need to open this port globally to the internet. What steps should you take to do this, and how quickly will the change occur?
 A.  Open the port on the existing network Access Control List. Your EC2 instances will be able to communicate  on this port after a reboot.
 B.  Open the port on the existing network Access Control List. Your EC2 instances will be able to communicate  over this port immediately.
 C.  Open the port on the existing security group. Your EC2 instances will be able to communicate over this port  immediately. 
 D.  Open the port on the existing security group. Your EC2 instances will be able to communicate over this port  as soon as the relevant Time To Live (TTL) expires.
answers: C.


Question366: Which of the following is not supported by AWS Import/Export?
 A.  Import to Amazon S3
 B.  Export from Amazon S3
 C.  Import to Amazon EBS
 D.  Import to Amazon Glacier
 E.  Export to Amazon Glacier
answers: E.
Explanation:

Question367: Which of the following is not a service of the security category of the AWS trusted advisor service?
 A.  Security Groups – Specific Ports Unrestricted
 B.  MFA on Root Account
 C.  IAM Use
 D.  Vulnerability scans on existing VPCs.
answers: D.
Explanation:

Question368: You work for a market analysis firm who are designing a new environment. They will ingest large amounts of market data via Kinesis and then analyze this data using Elastic Map Reduce. The data is then imported in to a high performance NoSQL Cassandra database which will run on EC2 and then be accessed by traders from around the world. The database volume itself will sit on 2 EBS volumes that will be grouped into a RAID 0 volume. They are expecting very high demand during peak times, with an IOPS performance level of approximately 15,000. Which EBS volume should you recommend?
 A.  Magnetic
 B.  General Purpose SSD
 C.  Provisioned IOPS (PIOPS) 
 D.  Turbo IOPS (TIOPS)
answers: C.
Explanation:

Question369: What are the different types of virtualization available on EC2?
 A.  Pseudo-Virtual (PV) & Hardware Virtual Module (HSM)
 B.  Para-Virtual (PV) & Hardware Virtual Machine (HVM) 
 C.  Pseudo-Virtual (PV) & Hardware Virtual Machine (HVM)
 D.  Para-Virtual (PV) & Hardware Virtual Module (HSM)  Submit
answers: B.


Question370: Which of the following is not a valid configuration type for AWS Storage gateway.
 A.  Gateway-accessed volumes
 B.  Gateway-cached volumes
 C.  Gateway-stored volumes
 D.  Gateway-Virtual Tape Library
answers: A.


Question371: You have started a new role as a solutions architect for an architectural firm that designs large sky scrapers in the Middle East. Your company hosts large volumes of data and has about 250Tb of data on internal servers. They have decided to store this data on S3 due to the redundancy offered by it. The company currently has a telecoms line of 2Mbps connecting their head office to the internet. What method should they use to import this data on to S3 in the fastest manner possible.
 A.  Upload it directly to S3
 B.  Purchase and AWS Direct connect and transfer the data over that once it is installed.
 C.  AWS Data pipeline
 D.  AWS Import/Export
answers: D.


Question372: You are designing a site for a new start up which generates cartoon images for people automatically. Customers will log on to the site, upload an image which is stored in S3. The application then passes a job to AWS SQS and a fleet of EC2 instances poll the queue to receive new processing jobs. These EC2 instances will then turn the picture in to a cartoon and will then need to store the processed job somewhere. Users will typically download the image once (immediately), and then never download the image again. What is the most commercially feasible method to store the processed images?
 A.  Rather than use S3, store the images inside a BLOB on RDS with Multi-AZ configured for redundancy.
 B.  Store the images on S3 RRS, and create a lifecycle policy to delete the image after 24 hours. 
 C.  Store the images on glacier instead of S3.
 D.  Use elastic block storage volumes to store the images.
answers: B.


Question373: You are hosting a website in Ireland called aloud.guru and you decide to have a static DR site available on S3 in the event that your primary site would go down. Your bucket name is also called “acloudguru”. What would be the S3 URL of the static website?
 A.  https://acloudguru.s3-website-eu-west-1.amazonaws.com
 B.  https://s3-eu-east-1.amazonaws.com/acloudguru
 C.  https://acloudguru.s3-website-us-east-1.amazonaws.com
 D.  https://s3-eu-central-1.amazonaws.com/acloudguru
answers: A.


Question374: Which of the following is NOT a valid SNS subscribers?
 A.  Lambda
 B.  SWF 
 C.  SQS
 D.  Email
 E.  HTTPS
 F.  SMS
answers: B.


Question375: You are appointed as your company’s Chief Security Officer and you want to be able to track all changes made to your AWS environment, by all users and at all times, in all regions. What AWS service should you use to achieve this?
 A.  CloudAudit
 B.  CloudWatch
 C.  CloudTrail 
 D.  CloudDetective
answers: C.
Explanation:

Question376: You have a high performance compute application and you need to minimize network latency between EC2 instances as much as possible. What can you do to achieve this?
 A.  Use Elastic Load Balancing to load balance traffic between availability zones
 B.  Create a CloudFront distribution and to cache objects from an S3 bucket at Edge Locations.
 C.  Create a placement group within an Availability Zone and place the EC2 instances within that placement  group. 
 D.  Deploy your EC2 instances within the same region, but in different subnets and different availability zones  so as to maximize redundancy.
answers: C.
Explanation:

Question377: When you create new subnets within a custom VPC, by default they can communicate with each other, across availability zones.
 A.  True
 B.  False
answers: A.


Question378: It is possible to transfer a reserved instance from one Availability Zone to another.
 A.  True
 B.  False
answers: A.
Explanation: Reserved Instance is associated with a specific region, which is fixed for the duration of the reservation’s term.

Question379: You have an EC2 instance which needs to find out both its private IP address and its public IP address. To do this you need to;
 A.  Run IPCONFIG (Windows) or IFCONFIG (Linux)
 B.  Retrieve the instance Metadata from http://169.254.169.254/latest/meta-data/ 
 C.  Retrieve the instance Userdata from http://169.254.169.254/latest/meta-data/
 D.  Use the following command; AWS EC2 displayIP
answers: B.


Question380: To retrieve instance metadata or userdata you will need to use the following IP Address;
 A.  http://127.0.0.1
 B.  http://192.168.0.254
 C.  http://10.0.0.1
 D.  http://169.254.169.254
answers: D.


Question381: Amazon S3 buckets in all other regions (other than US Standard) provide read-after-write consistency for PUTS of new objects.
 A.  True
 B.  False
answers: A.


Question382: Amazon S3 buckets in all other regions (other than US Standard) do not provide eventual consistency for overwrite PUTS and DELETES.
 A.  True
 B.  False
answers: B.


Question383: Amazon S3 provides;
 A.  Unlimited File Size for Objects
 B.  Unlimited Storage 
 C.  A great place to run a No SQL database from
 D.  The ability to act as a web server for dynamic content (i.e. can query a database)
answers: B.


Question384: In order to enable encryption at rest using EC2 and Elastic Block Store you need to
 A.  Configure encryption when creating the EBS volume
 B.  Configure encryption using the appropriate Operating Systems file system
 C.  Configure encryption using X.509 certificates
 D.  Mount the EBS volume in to S3 and then encrypt the bucket using a bucket policy.
answers: A.


Question385: You can select a specific Availability Zone in which to place your DynamoDB Table
 A.  True
 B.  False
answers: B.


Question386: When creating an RDS instance you can select which availability zone in which to deploy your instance.
 A.  True
 B.  False
answers: A.


Question387: Amazon’s Redshift uses which block size for its columnar storage?
 A.  2KB
 B.  8KB
 C.  16KB
 D.  32KB
 E.  1024KB / 1MB
answers: E.


Question388: You run a website which hosts videos and you have two types of members, premium fee paying members and free members. All videos uploaded by both your premium members and free members are processed by a fleet of EC2 instances which will poll SQS as videos are uploaded. However you need to ensure that your premium fee paying members videos have a higher priority than your free members. How do you design SQS?
 A.  SQS allows you to set priorities on individual items within the queue, so simply set the fee paying members  at a higher priority than your free members.
 B.  Create two SQS queues, one for premium members and one for free members. Program your EC2 fleet to  poll the premium queue first and if empty, to then poll your free members SQS queue. 
 C.  SQS would not be suitable for this scenario. It would be much better to use SNS to encode the videos.  Submit
answers: B.


Question389: You work for a toy company that has a busy online store. As you are approaching christmas you find that your store is getting more and more traffic. You ensure that the web tier of your store is behind an Auto Scaling group, however you notice that the web tier is frequently scaling, sometimes multiple times in an hour, only to scale back after peak usage. You need to prevent this so that Auto Scaling does not scale as rapidly, just to scale back again. What option would help you to achieve this?
 A.  Configure Auto Scaling to terminate your oldest instances first, then adjust your CloudWatch alarm.
 B.  Configure Auto Scaling to terminate your newest instances first, then adjust your CloudWatch alarm.
 C.  Change your Auto Scaling so that it only scales at scheduled times.
 D.  Modify the Auto Scaling group cool-down timers & modify the Amazon CloudWatch alarm period that  triggers your Auto Scaling scale down policy.
answers: D.
Explanation:

Question390: You work in the genomics industry and you process large amounts of genomic data using a nightly Elastic Map Reduce (EMR) job. This job processes a single 3 Tb file which is stored on S3. The EMR job runs on 3 ondemand core nodes and four on-demand task nodes. The EMR job is now taking longer than anticipated and you have been asked to advise how to reduced the completion time?
 A.  Use four Spot Instances for the task nodes rather than four On-Demand instances.
 B.  You should reduce the input split size in the MapReduce job configuration and then adjust the number of  simultaneous mapper tasks so that more tasks can be processed at once. 
 C.  Store the file on Elastic File Service instead of S3 and then mount EFS as an independent volume for your  core nodes.
 D.  Configure an independent VPC in which to run the EMR jobs and then mount EFS as an independent  volume for your core nodes.
 E.  Enable termination protection for the job flow.
answers: B.


Question391: By definition a public subnet within a VPC is one that;
 A.  In it’s routing table it has at least one route that uses an Internet Gateway (IGW).
 B.  Has at least one route in it’s routing table that routes via a Network Address Translation (NAT) instance.
 C.  Where the the Network Access Control List (NACL) permitting outbound traffic to 0.0.0.0/0.
 D.  Has had the public subnet check box ticked when setting up this subnet in the VPC console.
answers: A.


Question392: You have been asked to identify a service on AWS that is a durable key value store. Which of the services below meets this definition?
 A.  Mobile Hub
 B.  Kinesis
 C.  Simple Storage Service (S3) 
 D.  Elastic File Service (EFS)
answers: C.


Question393: You are a security architect working for a large antivirus company. The production environment has recently been moved to AWS and is in a public subnet. You are able to view the production environment over HTTP however when your customers try to update their virus definition files over a custom port, that port is blocked. You log in to the console and you allow traffic in over the custom port. How long will this take to take effect?
 A.  Straight away but to the new instances only.
 B.  Immediately. 
 C.  After a few minutes this should take effect.
 D.  Straight away to the new instances, but old instances must be stopped and restarted before the new rules  apply.
answers: B.


Question394: You are a solutions architect working for a biotech company who is pioneering research in immunotherapy. They have developed a new cancer treatment that may be able to cure up to 94% of cancers. They store their research data on S3, however recently an intern accidentally deleted some critical files. You’ve been asked to prevent this from happening in the future. What options below can prevent this?
 A.  Make sure the interns can only access data on S3 using signed URLs.
 B.  Enable S3 versioning on the bucket & enable Enable Multifactor Authentication (MFA) on the bucket. 
 C.  Use S3 Infrequently Accessed storage to store the data on.
 D.  Create an IAM bucket policy that disables deletes.  Submit
answers: B.


Question395: You run an automobile reselling company that has a popular online store on AWS. The application sits behind an Auto Scaling group and requires new instances of the Auto Scaling group to identify their public and private IP addresses. How can you achieve this?
 A.  By using Ipconfig for windows or Ifconfig for Linux.
 B.  By using a cloud watch metric.
 C.  Using a Curl or Get Command to get the latest meta-data from http://169.254.169.254/latest/meta-data/ 
 D.  Using a Curl or Get Command to get the latest user-data from http://169.254.169.254/latest/user-data/
answers: C.


Question396: You are a solutions architect who has been asked to do some consulting for a US company that produces reuseable rocket parts. They have a new web application that needs to be built and this application must be stateless. Which three services could you use to achieve this?
 A.  AWS Storage Gateway, Elasticache & ELB
 B.  ELB, Elasticache & RDS
 C.  Cloudwatch, RDS & DynamoDb
 D.  RDS, DynamoDB & Elasticache.
answers: D.


Question397: Your company has decided to set up a new AWS account for test and dev purposes. They already use AWS for production, but would like a new account dedicated for test and dev so as to not accidentally break the production environment. You launch an exact replica of your production environment using a CloudFormation template that your company uses in production. However CloudFormation fails. You use the exact same CloudFormation template in production, so the failure is something to do with your new AWS account. The CloudFormation template is trying to launch 60 new EC2 instances in a single AZ. After some research you discover that the problem is;
 A.  For all new AWS accounts there is a soft limit of 20 EC2 instances per region. You should submit the limit  increase form and retry the template after your limit has been increased.
 B.  For all new AWS accounts there is a soft limit of 20 EC2 instances per availability zone. You should submit  the limit increase form and retry the template after your limit has been increased.
 C.  You cannot launch more than 20 instances in your default VPC, instead reconfigure the CloudFormation  template to provision the instances in a custom VPC.
 D.  Your CloudFormation template is configured to use the parent account and not the new account. Change  the account number in the CloudFormation template and relaunch the template.  Submit
answers: A.


Question398: You work for a famous bakery who are deploying a hybrid cloud approach. Their legacy IBM AS400 servers will remain on premise within their own datacenter however they will need to be able to communicate to the AWS environment over a site to site VPN connection. What do you need to do to establish the VPN connection?
 A.  Connect to the environment using AWS Direct Connect.
 B.  Assign a public IP address to your Amazon VPC Gateway. 
 C.  Create a dedicated NAT and deploy this to the public subnet.
 D.  Update your route table to add a route for the NAT to 0.0.0.0/0.
answers: B.


Question399: You work for a major news network in Europe. They have just released a new app which allows users to report on events as and when they happen using their mobile phone. Users are able to upload pictures from the app and then other users will be able to view these pics. Your organization expects this app to grow very quickly, essentially doubling it’s user base every month. The app uses S3 to store the media and you are expecting sudden and large increases in traffic to S3 when a major news event takes place (as people will be uploading content in huge numbers). You need to keep your storage costs to a minimum however and it does not matter if some objects are lost. Which storage media should you use to keep costs as low as possible?
 A.  S3 – Infrequently Accessed Storage.
 B.  S3 – Reduced Redundancy Storage (RRS). 
 C.  Glacier.
 D.  S3 – Provisioned IOPS.
answers: B.
Explanation:

Question400: You have developed a new web application in us-west-2 that requires six Amazon Elastic Compute Cloud (EC2) instances running at all times. You have three availability zones available in that region (us-west-2a, uswest-2b, and us-west-2c). You need 100 percent fault tolerance if any single Availability Zone in us-west-2 becomes unavailable. How would you do this, each answer has 2 answers, select the answer with BOTH correct answers.
 A.  Answer 1 – Us-west-2a with two EC2 instances, us-west-2b with two EC2 instances, and us-west-2c with  two EC2 instances. Answer 2 – Us-west-2a with six EC2 instances, us-west-2b with six EC2 instances, and  us-west-2c with no EC2 instances
 B.  Answer 1 – Us-west-2a with six EC2 instances, us-west-2b with six EC2 instances, and us-west-2c with no  EC2 instances. Answer 2 – Us-west-2a with three EC2 instances, us-west-2b with three EC2 instances, and  us-west-2c with three EC2 instances. 
 C.  Answer 1 – Us-west-2a with three EC2 instances, us-west-2b with three EC2 instances, and us-west-2c with  no EC2 instances. Answer 2 – Us-west-2a with three EC2 instances, us-west-2b with three EC2 instances,  and us-west-2c with three EC2 instances.
 D.  Answer 1 – Us-west-2a with three EC2 instances, us-west-2b with three EC2 instances, and us-west-2c with  three EC2 instances. Answer 2 – Us-west-2a with four EC2 instances, us-west-2b with two EC2 instances,  and us-west-2c with two EC2 instances.
answers: B.


Question401: You need to add a route to your routing table in order to allow connections to the internet from your subnet. What route should you add?
 A.  Destination: 192.168.1.258/0 –> Target: your Internet gateway
 B.  Destination: 0.0.0.0/33 –> Target: your virtual private gateway
 C.  Destination: 0.0.0.0/0 –> Target: 0.0.0.0/24
 D.  Destination: 10.0.0.0/32 –> Target: your virtual private gateway
 E.  Destination: 0.0.0.0/0 –> Target: your Internet gateway
answers: E.


Question402: Select the most correct answer: The device name /dev/sda1 (within Amazon EC2 ) is _____
 A.  Possible for EBS volumes
 B.  Reserved for the root device 
 C.  Recommended for EBS volumes
 D.  Recommended for instance store volumes
answers: B.


Question403: If I want an instance to have a public IP address, which IP address should I use?
 A.  Elastic IP Address
 B.  Class B IP Address
 C.  Class A IP Address
 D.  Dynamic IP Address
answers: A.


