Question1: A startup s photo-sharing site is deployed in a VPC. An ELB distributes web traffic across two subnets. ELB session stickiness is configured to use the AWS-generated session cookie, with a session TTL of 5 minutes. The webserver Auto Scaling Group is configured as: min-size=4, max-size=4. The startups preparing for a public launch, by running load-testing software installed on a single EC2 instance running in us-west-2a. After 60 minutes of load-testing, the webserver logs show: Which recommendations can help ensure load-testing HTTP requests are evenly distributed across the four webservers? Choose 2 answers.
 
 A.  Re-configure the load-testing software to re-resolve DNS for each web request. B.  Use a 3rd-party load-testing service which offers globally-distributed test clients.
 C.  Configure ELB and Auto Scaling to distribute across us-west-2a and us-west-2c.
 D.  Configure ELB session stickiness to use the app-specific session cookie. 
 E.  Launch and run the load-tester EC2 instance from us-east-1 instead.
answers: A. D.


Question2: Which of the following are correct statements with policy evaluation logic in AWS Identity and Access Management? Choose 2 answers
 A.  An explicit deny does not override an explicit allow
 B.  By default, all request are allowed
 C.  An explicit allow overrides default deny. 
 D.  An explicit allow overrides an explicit deny
 E.  By default, all requests are denied
answers: C. 
 E.


Question3: How can you secure data at rest on an EBS volume?
 A.  Write the data randomly instead of sequentially.
 B.  Use an encrypted file system on top of the BBS volume. 
 C.  Encrypt the volume using the S3 server-side encryption service.
 D.  Create an IAM policy that restricts read and write access to the volume.
 E.  Attach the volume to an instance using EC2’s SSL interface.
answers: B.
Explanation:

Question4: If an application is storing hourly log files from thousands of instances from a high traffic web site, which naming scheme would give optimal performance on S3?
 A.  Sequential
 B.  HH-DD-MM-YYYY-log_instanceID
 C.  YYYY-MM-DD-HH-log_instanceID 
 D.  instanceID_log-HH-DD-MM-YYYY
 E.  instanceID_log-YYYY-MM-DD-HH
answers: C.


Question5: Your application is trying to upload a 6 GB file to Simple Storage Service and receive a “Your proposed upload exceeds the maximum allowed object size.” error message. What is a possible solution for this?
 A.  None, Simple Storage Service objects are limited to 5 GB
 B.  Use the multi-part upload API for this object 
 C.  Use the large object upload API for this object
 D.  Contact support to increase your object size limit
 E.  Upload to a different region
answers: B.
Explanation:

Question6: Company C is currently hosting their corporate site in an Amazon S3 bucket with Static Website Hosting enabled. Currently, when visitors go to http://www.companyc.com the index.html page is returned. Company C now would like a new page welcome.html to be returned when a visitor enters http://www.companyc.com in the browser. Which of the following steps will allow Company C to meet this requirement? Choose 2 answers
 A.  Upload an html page named welcome.html to their S3 bucket
 B.  Create a welcome subfolder in their S3 bucket
 C.  Set the Index Document property to welcome.html 
 D.  Move the index.html page to a welcome subfolder
 E.  Set the Error Document property to welcome.html
answers: A. C.


Question7: Which of the following statements about SQS is true?
 A.  Messages will be delivered one or more times and messages will be delivered in First in,  First out order
 B.  Messages will be delivered exactly once and message delivery order is indeterminate
 C.  Messages will be delivered exactly once and messages will be delivered in First in, First 
  out order
 D.  Messages will be delivered one or more times and message delivery order is  indeterminate
answers: D.


Question8: EC2 instances are launched from Amazon Machine images (AMIS). A given public AMI can:
 A.  be used to launch EC2 Instances in any AWS region.
 B.  only be used to launch EC2 instances in the same country as the AMI is stored.
 C.  only be used to launch EC2 instances in the same AWS region as the AMI is stored. 
 D.  only be used to launch EC2 instances in the same AWS availability zone as the AMI is  stored
answers: C.


Question9: When a Simple Queue Service message triggers a task that takes 5 minutes to complete, which process below will result in successful processing of the message and remove it from the queue while minimizing the chances of duplicate processing?
 A.  Retrieve the message with an increased visibility timeout, delete the message from the  queue, process the message
 B.  Retrieve the message with increased DelaySeconds, process the message, delete the  message from the queue
 C.  Retrieve the message with an increased visibility timeout, process the message, delete  the message from the queue 
 D.  Retrieve the message with increased DelaySeconds, delete the message from the  queue, process the message
answers: C.


Question10: What is the format of structured notification messages sent by Amazon SNS?
 A.  An XML object containing MessageId, UnsubscribeURL, Subject, Message and other  values
 B.  An JSON object containing MessageId, DuplicateFlag, Message and other values
 C.  An XML object containing MessageId, DuplicateFlag, Message and other values
 D.  An JSON object containing MessageId, unsubscribeURL, Subject, Message and other  values
answers: D.
Explanation:

Question11: Which approach below provides the least impact to provisioned throughput on the “Product” table?
 A.  Create an “Images” DynamoDB table to store the Image with a foreign key constraint to  the “Product” table
 B.  Add an image data type to the “Product” table to store the images in binary format
 C.  Serialize the image and store it in multiple DynamoDB tables
 D.  Store the images in Amazon S3 and add an S3 URL pointer to the “Product” table item  for each image
answers: D.


Question12: Which DynamoDB limits can be raised by contacting AWS support? Choose 2 answers
 A.  The number of hash keys per account
 B.  The maximum storage used per account
 C.  The number of tables per account 
 D.  The number of local secondary indexes per account
 E.  The number of provisioned throughput units per account
answers: C. 
 E.
Explanation:

Question13: Which of the following items are required to allow an application deployed on an EC2 instance to write data to a DynamoDB table? Assume that no security Keys are allowed to be stored on the EC2 instance. Choose 2 answers
 A.  Create an IAM User that allows write access to the DynamoDB table.
 B.  Launch an EC2 Instance with the IAM User included in the launch configuration.
 C.  Create an IAM Role that allows write access to the DynamoDB table. 
 D.  Launch an EC2 Instance with the IAM Role included in the launch configuration. 
 E.  Add an IAM Role to a running EC2 instance.
 F.  Add an IAM User to a running EC2 Instance.
answers: C. 
 D.


Question14: Which EC2 API call would you use to retrieve a list of Amazon Machine Images (AMIs)?
 A.  DescnbeInstances
 B.  You cannot retrieve a list of AMIs as there are over 10,000 AMIs 
 C.  GetAMls
 D.  DescribeImages  
 E.  DescribeAMls
answers: B.


Question15: An Amazon S3 bucket, “myawsbucket” is configured with website hosting in Tokyo region, what is the region-specific website endpoint?
 A.  www.myawsbucket.ap-northeast-1.amazonaws.com
 B.  myawsbucket.s3-website-ap-northeast-l.amazonawscom 
 C.  myawsbucket.amazonaws.com
 D.  myawsbucket.tokyo.amazonaws.com
answers: B.


Question16: A corporate web application is deployed within an Amazon VPC, and is connected to the corporate data center via IPSec VPN. The application must authenticate against the on-premise LDAP server. Once authenticated, logged-in users can only access an S3 keyspace specific to the user. Which two approaches can satisfy the objectives? Choose 2 answers
 A.  The application authenticates against LDAP, and retrieves the name of an IAM role  associated with the user. The application then calls the IAM Security Token Service to  assume that IAM Role. The application can use the temporary credentials to access the  appropriate S3 bucket.
 B.  Develop an identity broker which authenticates against IAM Security Token Service to  assume an IAM Role to get temporary AWS security credentials. The application calls the  identity broker to get AWS temporary security credentials with access to the appropriate S3  bucket.
 C.  The application authenticates against IAM Security Token Service using the LDAP  credentials. The application uses those temporary AWS security credentials to access the  appropriate S3 bucket.
 D.  The application authenticates against LDAP. The application then calls the IAM Security  Service to login to IAM using the LDAP credentials. The application can use the IAM  temporary credentials to access the appropriate S3 bucket.
 E.  Develop an identity broker which authenticates against LDAP, and then calls IAM  Security Token Service to get IAM federated user credentials. The application calls the  identity broker to get IAM federated user credentials with access to the appropriate S3  bucket.
answers: A. E.


Question17: You are providing AWS consulting services for a company developing a new mobile application that will be leveraging Amazon SNS Mobile Push for push notifications. In order to send direct notification messages to individual devices each device registration identifier or token needs to be registered with SNS; however the developers are not sure of the best
 way to do this. You advise them to:
 A.  Call the CreatePlatformEndPoint API function to register multiple device tokens. B.  Bulk upload the device tokens contained in a CSV file via the AWS Management  Console.
 C.  Let the push notification service (e.g. Amazon Device Messaging) handle the registration. 
 D.  Implement a token vending service to handle the registration.
answers: C.


Question18: What type of block cipher does Amazon S3 offer for server side encryption?
 A.  RC5
 B.  Blowfish
 C.  Triple DES
 D.  Advanced Encryption Standard
answers: D.


Question19: You have written an application that uses the Elastic Load Balancing service to spread traffic to several web servers Your users complain that they are sometimes forced to login again in the middle of using your application, after they have already togged in. This is not behavior you have designed. What is a possible solution to prevent this happening?
 A.  Use instance memory to save session state.
 B.  Use instance storage to save session state.
 C.  Use EBS to save session state
 D.  Use ElastiCache to save session state. 
 E.  Use Glacier to save session slate.
answers: D.


Question20: Which of the following is an example of a good DynamoDB hash key schema for provisioned throughput efficiency?
 A.  User ID, where the application has many different users.
 B.  Status Code where most status codes are the same
 C.  Device ID, where one is by far more popular than all the others.
 D.  Game Type, where there are three possible game types
answers: A.
Explanation:

Question21: Which statements about DynamoDB are true? Choose 2 answers
 A.  DynamoDB uses optimistic concurrency control
 B.  DynamoDB restricts item access during writes
 C.  DynamoDB uses a pessimistic locking model
 D.  DynamoDB restricts item access during reads
 E.  DynamoDB uses conditional writes for consistency
answers: A. E.


Question22: You are writing to a DynamoDB table and receive the following exception:” ProvisionedThroughputExceededException”. though according to your Cloudwatch metrics for the table, you are not exceeding your provisioned throughput. What could be an explanation for this?
 A.  You haven’t provisioned enough DynamoDB storage instances
 B.  You’re exceeding your capacity on a particular Range Key
 C.  You’re exceeding your capacity on a particular Hash Key 
 D.  You’re exceeding your capacity on a particular Sort Key
 E.  You haven’t configured DynamoDB Auto Scaling triggers
answers: C.
Explanation:

Question23: Company A has an S3 bucket containing premier content that they intend to make available to only paid subscribers of their website. The S3 bucket currently has default permissions of all objects being private to prevent inadvertent exposure of the premier content to non-paying website visitors. How can Company A provide only paid subscribers the ability to download a premier content file in the S3 bucket?
 A.  Apply a bucket policy that grants anonymous users to download the content from the S3  bucket
 B.  Generate a pre-signed object URL for the premier content file when a paid subscriber  requests a download 
 C.  Add a bucket policy that requires Multi-Factor Authentication for requests to access the  S3 bucket objects
 D.  Enable server side encryption on the S3 bucket for data protection against the  non-paying website visitors
answers: B.


Question24: What happens, by default, when one of the resources in a CloudFormation stack cannot be
 created?
 A.  The stack creation continues, and the final results indicate which steps failed. B.  CloudFormation templates are parsed in advance so stack creation is guaranteed to  succeed.
 C.  Previously-created resources are kept but the stack creation terminates.
 D.  Previously-created resources are deleted and the stack creation terminates.
answers: D.


Question25: What is the maximum number of S3 Buckets available per AWS account?
 A.  there is no limit
 B.  100 per account D. 500 per account 
 C.  100 per IAM user
 D.  100 per region
answers: B.


Question26: Which of the following are valid arguments for an SNS Publish request? Choose 3 answers
 A.  Subject
 B.  Language
 C.  Message 
 D.  Destination
 E.  TopicAm 
 F.  Format
answers: A. C. 
 E.


Question27: A meteorological system monitors 600 temperature gauges, obtaining temperature samples every minute and saving each sample to a DynamoDB table. Each sample involves writing 1K of data and the writes are evenly distributed over time. How much write throughput is required for the target table?
 A.  3600 write capacity units
 B.  1 write capacity unit
 C.  10 write capacity units 
 D.  60 write capacity units
 E.  600 write capacity units
answers: C.
Explanation:

Question28: Which of the following platforms are supported by Elastic Beanstalk? Choose 2 answers
 A.  Apache Tomcat
 B.  IBM Websphere
 C.  Oracle JBoss
 D.  Jetty
 E.  .NET
answers: A. E.


Question29: You attempt to store an object in the US-STANDARD region in Amazon S3, and receive a confirmation that it has been successfully stored. You then immediately make another API call and attempt to read this object. S3 tells you that the object does not exist What could explain this behavior?
 A.  US-STANDARD imposes a 1 second delay before new objects are readable.
 B.  You exceeded the bucket object limit, and once this limit is raised the object will be  visible.
 C.  Objects in Amazon S3 do not become visible until they are replicated to a second region.
 D.  US-STANDARD uses eventual consistency and it can take time for an object to be  readable in a bucket
answers: D.


Question30: Which features can be used to restrict access to data in S3? Choose 2 answers
 A.  Set an S3 Bucket policy.
 B.  Enable IAM Identity Federation. 
 C.  Set an S3 ACL on the bucket or the object. 
 D.  Create a CloudFront distribution for the bucket
 E.  Use S3 Virtual Hosting
answers: B. 
 C.


Question31: In AWS, which security aspects are the customer’s responsibility? Choose 4 answers
 A.  Decommissioning storage devices
 B.  Patch management on the EC2 instance’s operating system 
 C.  Controlling physical access to compute resources
 D.  Security Group and ACL (Access Control List) settings    
 E.  Life-cycle management of IAM credentials 
 F.  Encryption of EBS (Elastic Block Storage) volumes
answers: A. B. 
 D. 
 E.


Question32: What AWS products and features can be deployed by Elastic Beanstalk? Choose 3 answers
 A.  Auto scaling groups
 B.  Route 53 hosted zones
 C.  Elastic Load Balancers 
 D.  RDS Instances 
 E.  Elastic IP addresses
 F.  SQS Queues
answers: A. C. 
 D.


Question33: You run an ad-supported photo sharing website using S3 to serve photos to visitors of your site. At some point you find out that other sites have been linking to the photos on your site,
 causing loss to your business. What is an effective method to mitigate this?
 A.  Store photos on an EBS volume of the web server B.  Remove public read access and use signed URLs with expiry dates. 
 C.  Use CloudFront distributions for static content.
 D.  Block the IPs of the offending websites in Security Groups.
answers: B.


Question34: Which code snippet below returns the URL of a load balanced web site created in CloudFormation with an AWS::ElasticLoadBalancing::LoadBalancer resource name “ElasticLoad Balancer”?
 A.  “Fn::Join” : [“”. [ “http://”, {“Fn::GetAtr” : [ “ElasticLoadBalancer”,”DNSName”]}]]
 B.  “Fn::Join” : [“.”, [ “http://”, {“Ref” : “ElasticLoadBalancerDNSName”}]]
 C.  “Fn::Join” : [“”. [ “http://”, {“Ref” : “ElasticLoadBalancerUrl”}]]
 D.  “Fn::Join” : [“”. [ “http://”, {“Fn::GetAtr” : [ “ElasticLoadBalancer”,”Url”]}]]
answers: D.


Question35: Games-R-Us is launching a new game app for mobile devices. Users will log into the game using their existing Facebook account and the game will record player data and scoring information directly to a DynamoDB table. What is the most secure approach for signing requests to the DynamoDB API?
 A.  Create an IAM user with access credentials that are distributed with the mobile app to  sign the requests
 B.  Distribute the AWS root account access credentials with the mobile app to sign the  requests
 C.  Request temporary security credentials using web identity federation to sign the requests 
 D.  Establish cross account access between the mobile app and the DynamoDB table to sign  the requests
answers: C.


Question36: You are inserting 1000 new items every second in a DynamoDB table. Once an hour these items are analyzed and then are no longer needed. You need to minimize provisioned throughput, storage, and API calls. Given these requirements, what is the most efficient way to manage these Items after the analysis?
 A.  Retain the items in a single table
 B.  Delete items individually over a 24 hour period
 C.  Delete the table and create a new table per hour 
 D.  Create a new table per hour
answers: C.


Question37: Which of the following statements about SWF are true? Choose 3 answers
 A.  SWF uses deciders and workers to complete tasks
 B.  SWF requires at least 1 EC2 instance per domain
 C.  SWF triggers SNS notifications on task assignment
 D.  SWF requires an S3 bucket for workflow storage
 E.  SWF tasks are assigned once and never duplicated 
 F.  SWF workflow executions can last up to a year
answers: A. E. 
 F.


Question38: Company D is running their corporate website on Amazon S3 accessed from http//www.companyd.com. Their marketing team has published new web fonts to a separate S3 bucket accessed by the S3 endpoint https://s3-us-west1. amazonaws.com/cdfonts. While testing the new web fonts, Company D recognized the web fonts are being blocked by the browser. What should Company D do to prevent the web fonts from being blocked by the browser?
 A.  Create a policy on the cdfonts bucket to enable access to everyone
 B.  Add the Content-MD5 header to the request for webfonts in the cdfonts bucket from the  website
 C.  Configure the cdfonts bucket to allow cross-origin requests by creating a CORS  configuration 
 D.  Enable versioning on the cdfonts bucket for each web font
answers: C.


Question39: How is provisioned throughput affected by the chosen consistency model when reading data from a DynamoDB table?
 A.  Strongly consistent reads use the same amount of throughput as eventually consistent  reads
 B.  Strongly consistent reads use variable throughput depending on read activity
 C.  Strongly consistent reads use more throughput than eventually consistent reads. 
 D.  Strongly consistent reads use less throughput than eventually consistent reads
answers: C.
Explanation:

Question40: When uploading an object, what request header can be explicitly specified in a request to Amazon S3 to encrypt object data when saved on the server side?
 A.  x-amz-storage-class
 B.  Content-MD5
 C.  x-amz-security-token
 D.  x-amz-server-side-encryption
answers: D.


Question41: Which of the following are valid SNS delivery transports? Choose 2 answers
 A.  SMS
 B.  DynamoDB
 C.  HTTP 
 D.  UDP
 E.  Named Pipes
answers: A. C.
Explanation:

Question42: You have an environment that consists of a public subnet using Amazon VPC and 3 instances that are running in this subnet. These three instances can successfully communicate with other hosts on the Internet. You launch a fourth instance in the same subnet, using the same AMI and security group configuration you used for the others, but find that this instance cannot be accessed from the Internet. What should you do to enable internet access?
 A.  Deploy a NAT instance into the public subnet.
 B.  Modify the routing table for the public subnet
 C.  Configure a publically routable IP Address In the host OS of the fourth instance.
 D.  Assign an Elastic IP address to the fourth instance.
answers: D.


Question43: How can software determine the public and private IP addresses of the Amazon EC2 instance that it is running on?
 A.  Query the appropriate Amazon CloudWatch metric.
 B.  Use ipconfig or ifconfig command.
 C.  Query the local instance userdata.
 D.  Query the local instance metadata.
answers: D.
Explanation:

Question44: Which of the following services are included at no additional cost with the use of the AWS platform? Choose 2 answers
 A.  CloudFormation
 B.  Simple Workflow Service
 C.  Elastic Load Balancing
 D.  Elastic Compute Cloud
 E.  Simple Storage Service
 F.  Auto Scaling
answers: A. F.


Question45: Which of the following programming languages have an officially supported AWS SDK? Choose 2 answers
 A.  PHP
 B.  Pascal
 C.  Java    
 D.  SQL
 E.  Perl
answers: A. C.


Question46: After launching an instance that you intend to serve as a NAT (Network Address Translation) device in a public subnet you modify your route tables to have the NAT device be the target of internet bound traffic of your private subnet. When you try and make an outbound connection to the Internet from an instance in the private subnet, you are not successful. Which of the following steps could resolve the issue?
 A.  Attaching a second Elastic Network interface (ENI) to the NAT instance, and placing it in  the private subnet
 B.  Attaching an Elastic IP address to the instance in the private subnet
 C.  Attaching a second Elastic Network Interface (ENI) to the instance in the private subnet,  and placing it in the public subnet
 D.  Disabling the Source/Destination Check attribute on the NAT instance
answers: D.


Question47: Which of the following is chosen as the default region when making an API call with an AWS SDK?
 A.  ap-northeast-1
 B.  us-west-2
 C.  us-east-1 
 D.  eu-west-1
 E.  us-central-1
answers: C.


Question48: When using a large Scan operation in DynamoDB, what technique can be used to minimize the impact of a scan on a table’s provisioned throughput?
 A.  Set a smaller page size for the scan
 B.  Prewarm the table by updating all items
 C.  Use parallel scans
 D.  Define a range index on the table
answers: D.
Explanation:

Question49: Which of the following services are key/value stores? Choose 3 answers
 A.  Amazon ElastiCache
 B.  Simple Notification Service 
 C.  DynamoDB D. Simple Workflow Service 
 D.  Simple Storage Service
answers: A. B. 
 C.


Question50: An application stores payroll information nightly in DynamoDB for a large number of employees across hundreds of offices. Item attributes consist of individual name, office identifier, and cumulative daily hours. Managers run reports for ranges of names working in their office. One query is. “Return all Items in this office for names starting with A through E”. Which table configuration will result in the lowest impact on provisioned throughput for this query?
 A.  Configure the table to have a range index on the name attribute, and a hash index on the  office identifier
 B.  Configure a hash index on the name attribute and no range index
 C.  Configure the table to have a hash index on the name attribute, and a range index on the  office identifier
 D.  Configure a hash index on the office Identifier attribute and no range index
answers: A.


Question51: What is one key difference between an Amazon EBS-backed and an instance-store backed instance?
 A.  Virtual Private Cloud requires EBS backed instances
 B.  Amazon EBS-backed instances can be stopped and restarted 
 C.  Auto scaling requires using Amazon EBS-backed instances.
 D.  Instance-store backed instances can be stopped and restarted.
answers: B.


Question52: Company B provides an online image recognition service and utilizes SOS to decouple system components for scalability The SQS consumers poll the imaging queue as often as possible to keep end-to-end throughput as high as possible. However, Company B is realizing that polling in tight loops is burning CPU cycles and increasing costs with empty responses. How can Company B reduce the number of empty responses?
 A.  Set the imaging queue visibility Timeout attribute to 20 seconds
 B.  Set the DelaySeconds parameter of a message to 20 seconds
 C.  Set the Imaging queue ReceiveMessageWaitTimeSeconds attribute to 20 seconds 
 D.  Set the imaging queue MessageRetentionPeriod attribute to 20 seconds
answers: C.


Question53: What item operation allows the retrieval of multiple items from a DynamoDB table in a single API call?
 A.  GetItem
 B.  BatchGetItem 
 C.  GetMultipleItems
 D.  GetItemRange
answers: B.


Question54: In DynamoDB, what type of HTTP response codes indicate that a problem was found with the client request sent to the service?
 A.  5xx HTTP response code
 B.  200 HTTP response code
 C.  306 HTTP response code
 D.  4xx HTTP response code
answers: D.


Question55: If a message is retrieved from a queue in Amazon SQS, how long is the message inaccessible to other users by default?
 A.  30 seconds
 B.  0 seconds
 C.  1 hour
 D.  1 day
 E.  forever
answers: A.


